KRYX I — Kryx Lands

Lower than orbit but over the clouds he roared out into the sky he flew in. His right arm led the way and pretty soon he was ready to land. Aiming towards a patch of grass near an abandoned shed in the mid west he met hard dirt and formed an imprint that's still there. The shed was abandoned but the house across the field wasn't. It was the neighbour to his destination. He approached the back entrance and grabbed the door handle. It was locked until it didn't open when he turned it and in the same movement he twisted the handle off the door and pushed the door open with his knee. The house was empty by chance. He made his way to the living room and sat down on the couch. Looking around the room he pondered the lives of the people living there. Then after a moment he rose again and made his way to the upstairs deck overlooking the green landscape. He looked out the furthest edge of the balcony at the house across the way.

"He'll be here soon."

He sat on one of the chairs and waited. Soon it was nightfall and Superman arrived. He walked inside.

It was time.

As he rose to his feet, the deck of cards he'd been shuffling fell to the table and scattered. He walked down the steps and across the grass towards the house. Soon he was opening the front door. It was not locked and he walked inside. He could see the kitchen and living room from the entryway and they were empty. He made his way up the stairs and checked each room. There was noone. He made his way back downstairs and looked around before heading to the back door. He could hear the barn door as he left the house as Superman made his way into the barn. He followed. Soon he'd reached the doors and drew them open.

"Who are you?" Superman demanded.

There was a long silence and Superman looked him up and down. He had a black suit on with the Superman symbol outline on his chest containing a partially eclipsed circle. It was layered from the chest and shoulders down to what formed a black combat suit. Although he did not appear to be carrying any weapons.

"I'm Kryx." He said casually.

He took his right foot slowly into a better position and then kicked off the ground hurling himself towards Superman. Before Superman could react he was hit shoulder to chest as Kryx sent them both flying straight through the back of the barn wall and out through the clearing where they met dirt and skidded through it until stopping somewhere near a strawberry tree. Superman was next to react and punched Kryx as hard as he could in the face sending him straight down into the dirt and onto the ground about twenty feet away. He lay there still.

Superman was certain he was dead but after a moment he rose to his feet. Facing him he walked a little closer.

"No point in fighting much more. I just thought I'd see what you had." Kryx said.

"Who are you?" Superman asked again.

"I'm from a place right near you. Just much later." He replied.

"What are you doing on Earth?" Asked Superman.

"Eh," he paused and thought about it, "I needed somewhere new and I didn’t want to be the 'only one." He said in quotes with his hands. "I knew you were here. So I figured this place would do."

Superman looked perplexed.

"How long are you here for? Do you need my help with anything? Why did you attack me?"

Kryx smiled. "I told you." He handed Superman a black statue with silver streaks through it. "It's more art than anything." He said shrugging. "I'm probably going to set up in London at first. See where I end up."

Superman looked at Kryx and down at the statue. "What are you here to do?" He asked confused.

"What do you do?" Asked Kryx.

Then after a pause he smiled again.

"See you round." Said Kryx.

Then he flew off into the night sky.
