Chapter 3.

What time do you need to be at the airport?" Gabriella asked.

"The first flight out is 11am. I'll have to leave soon." Nick said as he walked down the narrow halls of his hotel. He opened the door to his room. It was nine o'clock in the morning. They walked inside and Nick made his way to his bag as Gabriella looked over the room.

"What's the name on the passport again?"

Nick rummaged through his backpack, taking the passport out of his back pocket and placing it in the front compartment.

"Jonathon Hurst."

Gabriella smiled, "Cool."

Nick went around the room collecting all the items he had unpacked. Once he he had packed everything except his laptop he grabbed it and sat down on the bed.

"One more thing to do." He said as Gabriella jumped onto the bed beside him.

"What's that?" She asked.

"There's a guy picking me up when I arrive into Newtown." He said as he opened up a private messaging application on his laptop.

"I just need to finalise the plan."

It only took a few moments before a man showed up on the video chat. He was a thin, dark skinned man in his early twenties.

"Hello my friend." His voice spoke loudly through the laptop speakers.

"Hi." Replied Nick. "Is everything organised? I'll be arriving in Newtown today at 5pm."

"Five o'clock. Yes sir. I'll be there ready to go."

"I need to go to Katal. How far can you take me?"

The young man looked to his left briefly then back to the screen considering Nicks request.

"Katal." He said pausing, "I can do that. Yes." He proceeded.

"Okay good. Thanks. Five o'clock"

"Five o'clock" confirmed the man. "I'll be there."

Nick ended the chat and closed the laptop. He and Gabriella lay on the bed saying nothing. Nick was contemplating his flight and the briefcase of unknown contents he was about to smuggle into the Redlands. The thought of the contents being flagged by airport security was ominous and it scared him. He imagined them opening the briefcase to find whatever lay inside, knowing if he was found out, the consequences would be dire for both him and Jak. Bones had told him if anyone asked, to tell them it was paperwork for a business deal he had in the city.

The ride to the airport was eerily quiet. Nick was deep in thought about what lay ahead as Bones drove them towards the airport drop off point. There was an aura of concern for Nick and he felt it, especially from Bones. This made Nick even more nervous as he contemplated the possible contents of the briefcase. It was clear Bones knew what lay inside but had decided to leave Nick in the dark.

They arrived at the airport and Bones pulled up in one of the drop off zones. People littered the sidewalk of the airport as Nick opened the door and stepped out onto the curb. As he grabbed his backpack out of the back-seat Gabriella put her hand on his and leaned in. "If you need anything you call us." She said. Nick nodded, giving both of them a final look before grabbing his bag and crossing the street to the entrance.

The airport was relatively small but there were plenty of people all queued in line to check in. Nick suddenly felt a surge of adrenaline and fear as he crossed the large terminal doors. What had he got himself into with this briefcase. He had to be cool he thought to himself as he looked around the terminal towards the check in counter. He approached the back of the line and stood waiting behind a large man. The line grew shorter and shorter until the man in front received his ticket and left the counter, leaving Nick and his briefcase next in line.

"Welcome to Starline Airlines. I'm Tracy. Can I see your identification and reservation please." She said politely.

Nick took the passport out of his top jacket pocket and handed it to the girl. He kept her eyes, watching to see as she looked over it typing information into her computer.

"Jonathan. Nice to have you on board today. Are you checking a bag?"

"No." replied Nick quickly.

"Than this should be easy." She said with a smile.

The rest of the conversation was quick, with the girl giving Nick his ticket without a second thought or glance at his passport. Maybe this would go smoothly after all he thought to himself. He was sweating already despite the air-conditiong and his black shirt acted like false bravery as he made his way towards security. He wiped his forehead and eyebrow quickly, casually hoping no more beads would form as he stepped forward and put his bag down on the conveyer belt.

The briefcase was next and with a quick breath out and one last quick glance at the case itself, he placed it on the conveyer belt and hoped for the best.

"Step up to the mark on the floor." The man's voice was direct enough to give Nick a shot of adrenaline. He kept a straight face as he made eye contact with him.

"Yes sir." Said Nick stepping towards two footprints on the ground in front of him.

"Raise your arms."

Nick did as the security officer said and stood arms out. The machine scanned his body as the security officer patted him down. Nick looked towards the xray machine as the briefcase entered it. Then locked eyes with the officer checking the machine. This was the moment Nick had been dreading.

He immediately looked away and faced straight ahead as if focusing on the man crouched down in front of him as his pockets were being patted. Nick made sure to only have his passport and phone with him. Both of which were on the tray with the briefcase.

Nick held his breath.

"Sir. Please step forward." He heard the man in front of him say as he stepped back and motioned his arm towards the end of the conveyer belt. "Collect your bag. Your fine."

Nick let out his breath as casually as he could and glanced again at the man checking the screen. The briefcase was still in the machine and Nick could see him studying it. His bag was visible about a metre out the other end. The fear was present as he stood there waiting for the man to press the button and continue the conveyer, leading him to the plane, the Redlands and his brother. He began to think the man was taking too long and on instinct Nick decided to go for his bag. He stepped over and motioned for his bag as he tried to make eye contact with the man. He looked up from the screen to meet Nicks eyes and as casually as he could muster he uttered the words, "Am I right to take this?" He said with an innocent and casual smile. They Looked at eachother a moment and Nick waited with anticipation. The man looked at his screen once more and pressed the button. The conveyer began to move. Nick took that as a chance to pick up his bag. He stepped back and put one strap around his shoulder. Trying to appear unphased while at the same time trying not to wipe the sweat that had been forming on his forehead. He stood there at the end of the conveyer as the briefcase appeared out the other end of the machine.

The man rose to his feet and Nick instantly felt a dreaded fear sweep over him. He looked at Nick with an expression he couldnt make out, and as they stood there motionless, eyes locked, the fear he felt was overwhelming. The briefcase inched closer as it glided down towards him. Nick thought about taking a step towards the briefcase but thought he might stumble. instead he stood motionless. "Where are you headed?" The man asked.

Nick did not think for even a moment before he said "Katal."

The man looked at the briefcase and back at Nick, and after a long pause he uttered the words, "Travel safe," before turning and walking over to the other end of the conveyer belt away from Nick and the moment.

The briefcase slid into Nicks eyeline as it completed the most important part of its journey. Nick grabbed it with a firm grip And began to walk, avoiding any further eye contact. He made his way out of security and through two large doors into the departure section of the airport.

He had made it. He was was halfway there now. He new his chances of being caught with whatever lay inside it was far more likely before departure than on arrival. He immediately felt relieved despite the ominous thought of the rest of his mission. With his bag on his back and the briefcase firmly in hand Nick made his way through the terminal to gate 3. He sat down on one of the chairs and opened his bag, pulling out the map of the redlands.

He looked over the map. He wanted to plan the best route into Katal. He did not know all that much about the redlands, except that it was a very bad idea to trust the locals. The way his driver had looked at someone else in the room on the video call made Nick suspicious and paranoid. He imagined them robbimg him or worse. Everyone knew the Redlands was considered to be a wasteland in the outer regions and Nick had heard stories from his brother about areas where there was no law, people stole, killed and fended for themselves. It was a place where the rules changed wherever you went. For a lot of people in the Redlands life was about survival. It was only Newtown, the regions capital that he had heard people would regularly travel to from his homeland.

It was a two day trip along a long winding highway that stretched across the map. Going at a reasonable speed Nick estimated he could get within a few hours Of katal. A place called Hadin sat just off the highway to its south. There he could rest and plan his rescue before making his way into the city the following day.

The last phone call he had received from the men holding Jak was to arrange a meeting and exchange of money in order for Jak to be released. They believed that Nicks family was arranging $750,000 to get him back. This was realistic considering how long Jak had been operating his illegal business. But the truth is Jak didn't have half the money you'd imagine for someone who once smuggled a cargo of vehicles worth of 3.2 million dollars. This falesy was the only reason he was still alive.

There was a loud beeping sound as a stewardess at the gate yelled across the floor, "Boarding for the flight to Newtown has begun. Please bring your tickets forward and make your way through To the aircraft."

Nick watched as people began to rise and make their way towards the gate. He grabbed his backpack and put it over his shoulder rising to his feet. After showing The girl his ticket he boarded the aircraft. It was a large jet with two rows of three that led down to the back of the plane. Nick found his way to seat 11A and sat down.

It wasn't long before the aircraft began to hum and they started moving. There was a strong wind and the aircraft tilted back and forth as it climbed. Nick sat back in his seat and closed his eyes. The briefcase sat on his lap his hands clasping it like it was made of pure gold. He would rest his eyes during the flight he decided, knowing he was unlikely to sleep. Soon he would be in a whole other world. He had always had dreams of travelling but this was not exactly how he had imagined it. As they flew through the sky Nick leaned back in his seat and took his chance to rest. 