His hoodie up over his head he walked, hands in pockets through the busy streets of Castle City. It was so different from the calm streets of his hometown. He pulled back his right shoulder and skipped his left foot over to avoid a large man on his commute to whatever job had him furiously examining his phone screen. Music blaring through his headphones he knew he was only a block or two away from his destination. A bar called "The white horse". He kept his head down and his eyes up as he traversed the commuters making his way up to the next corner and across the road. 'Just up here' he thought. Blowing smoke out he walked past a young couple sitting on some steps of a building that looked somewhat important. She was looking at Nick with a look so distant he assumed she wasn't actually looking at him at all. While the guy was tapping his hand on the ground beside him clearly trying to figure something out. He definitely had a problem. Nick avoided any real eye contact as he made his way past them, until the white horse appeared up ahead on a sign that read the same. He pulled his hoodie back off his head and dropped the cigarette onto to the ground, stepped on it, and walked inside.

"Can I get you something?" The bartender asked, as he stood arms out on the bar his eyes fixed yet content on Nick.

"Rum and coke thanks man."

"Sure." He responded, whipping around to grab a glass.

Nick looked around the room. It was only 6pm and the place was fairly empty. He looked at his phone and checked his messages.

Bones: White horse at 6pm. Meet me then; read the message.

Bones as he had always been called was a kid that had moved to the same small town as Nick for a few years. He had moved to Castle City at seventeen and Nick hadn't kept in touch. But now was the perfect time. He needed something, and figured Bones could help.

He sipped his rum and coke and looked over at the large TV screen bracketed to the wall. A basketball game was being played, as three young men sat watching it, drinking their beers. Another four or five people stood around a pool table in the back. Nick looked back at his drink, thinking about how his parents have no idea about the situation. How it all held firmly on his shoulders alone. He didn't know how bad it might be yet. But he hoped he could do what he needed to do to save his brother.

"My man!" Yelled the voice of Bones as he approached, interrupting Nicks last thought.

Nick immediately laughed. Taking a look at him up and down. He looked good. And had gone from a wirey 17 year old to a filled out frame at 23. His shaved head and neck tattoo adding to his frame in a way that made him look intimidating, yet with a smile that made him seem approachable at the same time. He was clearly happy to see Nick as they went in for a handshake and hug.

"It's been like 5 years or something hasn't it?" Nick asked.

"Eh, maybe. As soon as you called I figured you were in the city. How's life man. Last I heard you were still doing the horses thing."

There was a slight pause before he continued.

"So are you here now? You know, here here." Bones asked.

"No man. Just need your help with something then I'll be off again. I Thought it would be good to catch up with you, after all we always had an understanding after that thing in the park. You're a good guy. Just a little crazy." Nick laughed. "But I also figure you'd be the best person to get me what I need."

"What's that?" Bones asked.

"I'll tell you later. Let's get drunk first." Nick responded.

"No argument here." Bones said smiling.

They spent the next few hours drinking and catching up. Bones had moved here at seventeen to follow his older brother into all kinds of shady hustles. They knew eachother for three years from when Nick was fourteen and they always got along well. He would sell Nick weed, again with his older brother always close by. He made Nick his first and only fake id when he was sixteen. It was perfect. The only reason it didn't work is he never had anywhere he could use it, being the small town that it was. He had heard since through mutual friends that Bones had become something of a go to guy if you ever went to Castle City. He knew people. And so they sat and discussed their lives, with Nick leaving out only the most recent events. Until they had drunk their share of alcohol and the looseness of the scene kicked in.

"I need a fake passport." Nick said, as they sat in a booth towards the back of the place. He took the rest of his rum and coke and placed the glass down. "Bro, I need a fake passport that will get me into the Redlands. And I need it as quickly as possible."

There was a long pause as they examined eachothers eyes. Bones could see the dead straightness of Nicks request and his fixed eyes said the rest.

"What do you need it for?" He asked.

"Im not going to say. But there's a situation. And I need to go there. I need it to get me in and out without a drama. Is that possible? I've heard things, I know your brother can help. I heard about him and Troy."

Troy was a kid they had known in high school in Castlemont. He was seventeen years old and had gotten in trouble with the law for robbing houses with his friends. He had beaten a man while robbing him and when caught, had attacked the arresting officers. Nate had organised not just a passport for travel but also a number of fake documents to set him up in a new ciry over the border before the teenager was to appear before court.

Bones looked at Nick and smiled.

"If Nick wants to go and ride an elephant while he pretends to be Bradley Winters from Greysmith, Newtown then that's what I'm going to do for Nick."

"Can we go with a different name bro?" Nick said smiling.

"Maybe." He responded. "But I choose the name."

"Why's that? Nick asked.

"Because people always come up with something stupid for themselves. It's less authentic."

There was a pause. Nick was glad the stories he heard were true about what Bones had been getting up to here. He was confident this passport thing would work.

"Sam Lowcroft?" Nick said questioningly.

Bones laughed. "Stupid." He said as he grabbed Nick by the forearm and pulled it towards him as Nick rose to his feet. They walked out of white horse bar without another word.

When they reached the street outside both men took out cigarettes and lit them. Adjusting themselves for the chill that now held in the air.

"I guess you're coming with me for a while mate." He slapped Nick on the back and Nick felt a sense of appreciation for how this had so far come together.

"Do you need a place to stay? This will probably take a few days. I'll talk to my brother about the details. You obviously got the racks for it yeah?"

"Should have if you don't go too high on me bro."

"I'll talk to my brother and we'll sort out something. For now I'm fucking starving. Come to HQ man. I'll show you around."

"Lead the way mate." Nick said pulling his hoodie back over his head.

'I can afford three days here' he thought. 'That should still leave me a fair amount of time to get into the Redlands and do what we need to.'

Chapter 2.

"Every fucking time I come in here you are just fucking sitting there! On my fucking couch! Eating my fucking food! Playing some fucking fucked up fucking thing on my fucking console. What did I tell you this morning?" His voice was commanding and overly authentic in his use of the word fuck. There was a genuine challenge in his voice but the other guy knew he wasn't in too much trouble yet.

"Nate man. I'm sorry!" He said genuinely with the fear seeping through just a little. "I'm waiting on the guys phone call. He said he's got it. He's going to call me any minute."

Nate looked up and let out a breath.

"Just get off my fucking couch man. Take a walk and get to work. I dont want to see you back here unless you have something to tell me about something I want to hear. Understood?"

The man rose to his feet and nodded at Nate. "You got it boss."

"Who's this?" Nate asked directly as he looked Nick in the eye. Holding the stare clearly waiting for any kind of reaction from him. Waiting to make his first judgement. Nick held his stare for about a second then looked at Bones standing beside him.

"That's Nick. We hung with him in Castlemont. Remember, that shitty town when dad was doing his whole three year transfer thing. Mainly you sold him weed. But he's a mate."

Nick looked back to hold Nate's stare that hadn't moved from him.

"I remember." He said smiling a little.

"You were the kid in the park with Jared that day hey? I remember you."

He walked towards Nick still clearly sizing him up with A pressing advance as if making Nick decide how to react. He looked down at Nick's hands as he approached. They remained outstretched. Nick remembered that day. He knew he was being tested. He remained still and looked back up to meet Nates eyes.

"That was a crazy day." Nick said twisting his head and nodding at Nate.

Nate smiled. "Crazy?" He remarked. "You hit that kid so many times and it wasn't even your fight. And you had only known my brother Bonesy boy here for what, a few days?" They stood in silence for a second or two.

"Well mate, what brings you to the HQ?" Nate said as if the introductions were enough.

Bones chimed in immediately "He needs a passport for the Redlands."

Nate looked impressed as he stepped back and looked at Nick from his feet up. "How old are you again?" He asked.

"Twenty two. I'm only a year younger than Jared." Nick remarked back as if attempting justification.

"And you want to go to the redlands, huh?" Nate laughed and looked him up and down yet again. "And what are you going to do in the redlands my friend?"

Nick paused, knowing he didn't want to discuss anything about his plans.

"I just have to get there as soon as possible Nate. If you could make that happen I'd owe you."

"Oh well, don't worry about that mate. You can just pay me for it right now and we will be good as gold." Nate laughed. The tension other than what Nate naturally exuded was gone.

"How much?" Asked Nick.

"Don't rip him off Nate." Bones pressed. If anything I owe him a favour."

"$3000" Nate said pretty quickly.

"I can do that. But $2500 would be so much better. I only have so much to get me where I'm going."

Nate smiled and shook his head a bit. He was a big man. Much bigger than Nick. He turned to Nick.

"How good is your right these days? Still pretty good?" He said in a way that really couldn't be deciphered.

"I don't even know man. I only use it when I need it." He said back, trying to sound funny and casual in the moment. He always remembered Nate being this way. Too big for any situation that you had to be tactical. Nick had always thought that was the game Nate played with people. So he always played within this understanding and Nate had respected him. But Nick was pretty sure he didn't even remember any of that. Nate stood in front of Nick and smiled slapping his hand across the side of his shoulder.

"Twenty five hundred is fine brother. Bones will get it organised once I make the call. You can pay me when it's done. Just give me your licence."

Nick handed over his licence and Nate turned his back to them.

"See you boys later." He said as he brushed his right arm as if shoeing them away.

"Thanks Nate." Said Nick as he looked to Bones for their next move.

"Let me show you around" Bones smiled his eyes beaming with a bold excitement. "You Have no idea what we've been building here" He said. "It's pretty cool, come on."

With that they left Nates living room office and made their way downstairs.

The house they were staying in was incredible. Nick wasn't sure what the situation was exactly but he knew they were probably not the official owners. It came across in the way that all the people gathered there seemed to all be guests, or people with unspoken jobs to do, hanging out in this incredible mansion between whatever hustles were maintaining their lifestyle. It was big enough to house dozens of people permanently. With large open living spaces, a large pool, gym, two kitchens and what could only be described as a hacking control room. Nick only briefly got a look through that door before Bones closed it as he was giving the tour. Only to say that it was where some of his boys hung out to keep it all going. That was how he put it.

It was clear that all the stories about Bones and Nate we're true, and then some. But Nick didn't really care about any of that. He only cared about his way into the Redlands and they were going to provide it.

"Come, I'll show you where we usually hang out." He said to Nick.

They made their way down some more stairs that led to what would usually be called a basement. But as this house lay on the side of a cliff, the large floor to ceiling glass panelling looked over and down into the valley of the city below and made it seem more like a penthouse sweet on top of some glamorous hotel in Gotham City, then the bottom floor of this incredible house. Couches lined each wall of the room with fancy tables and places to sit all over. A small indoor pool lay down one end, big enough only to create a vibe with a hot tub built in to its side. There was two pool tables and three televisions in strategic places. There were arcade games along one wall the led around the corner to a kitchen, and outside of the glass pannelling laid a large deck that gave an even better view of the city below. There were about a dozen people, mostly girls walking around, playing pool or in the pool. Most with a drink in their hand.

"You have three days to kill bro. Pour yourself another drink. Theres coke behind the kitchen in the bathroom. You'll see it. Help yourself. I've got to go do some shit."

He grabbed Nicks hand and bumped his chest. "I'll see you soon man. Hang out. Do whatever the fuck you want. You got my number if you need me"

Nick nodded, realising he was about to be standing alone in a room, in a new city, in someone else's mansion with a bunch of strangers he didn't know.

"I'll see you later then" He ventured forth, as Bones stepped back, turned and walked away.

Nick looked around the room. A few of the people glanced at him before going on with whatever they were doing.

"Yeah, definitely coke." Nick said out loud as he made his way to the kitchen and the little cornered hallway behind it that led to a small basin outside the bathroom. A stereotypical silver plate lay next to it with a bunch of lines already done up. A small straw lay next to them. 'Three days' he thought one more time before picking up the straw and breathing down the first line.

It hit quickly as he stepped back and looked at himself in the mirror. His reflection seemed normal enough. His black hair hanging just a little low over his face, like he was a few weeks late of a haircut. The cocaine now entering his system he examined his eyes. Piercing in the way he could see his overriding determination in them instantly. He wondered whether it translated to anyone else. Despite noone other than him knowing what he was going to have to do. He took a deep breath. Then let it out as he held each side of the basin and looked at himself closer. Before breathing in and shaking his head as if to accommodate the craziness of his situation. 'Another one' he thought, as he reached over and took another line.

"Save some for the rest of us." A voice spoke softly from his left. Nick turned around to see two young girls, probably Nicks age, standing there smiling. "So, who are you?" The same girl said.

She was absolutely stunning in every way, her eyes beaming from whatever cocaine she had already injested but apart from that imperfection of circumstance, the rest of her was goddess like. Her friend holding onto her wrist was also pretty as hell.

Nick was taken aback for a moment as his flustered hand reached for his nose to try and get rid of any residue.

"Im Nick." He managed to get out. "Bones is a friend of mine." He said.

"You mean, you're a friend of Bones." She replied with a smile. "That's how most people say it."

Nick smiled at her in a way she immediately appreciated.

"That's deep." Nick smiled with a tempted thought.

"So are you a friend of Bones? Or is he a friend of yours" he asked.

She looked at him for a moment. A slight smile across her face.

"Nate." She said, taking her wrist away from the other girl and placing it behind her back as if pushing her forward towards Nick and the cocaine.

"How come we've never seen you here before?"

"I only got to Castle City this morning." He replied.

"And you find yourself here?" She pressed. "How the fuck does that happen? So what do you do for them?" She asked, genuinely curious.

Nick held back from his original response. This girl was so attractive he immediately thought of telling her the story, but then thought better of it.

"We just have a history. I dont work for them if that's what you mean." He said back. "They are just doing me a favor".

The other girl was now standing to Nicks right, fixing up the symmetry of the line she was about to take. She looked up at Nick with a smile. "You can hang with us if you want." She said as she bent down and took the line of coke like she had done it a thousand times before. "Come swimming with us."

Nick looked at her as she collected herself from the intensity of the hit. She blinked a bunch of times to steady herself and looked at him in the eyes. "Come swimming with us."

Nick looked at her and smiled, before looking back at the goddess girl.

"What are your names?" He asked.

"Im Gabriella" said the blonde girl feeling the rush, "and that's Taylor" She said motioning just ever so loosely towards her friend, who's eyes were still fixed on Nick reconicancly.

"How about we play pool instead." He said with his attention on Taylor. It's been a while but I used to be good. Do you play?" He directed the line at both girls but he was already transfixed on Taylor due to the line he hadn't expected. She laughed and looked at Gabriella. "Let's see what he's got."

"Let's play doubles. You and Gabriella. Me and Jackson." Taylor said as they reached the first pool table in front of the kitchen.

"Who just said my name?" Exclaimed a voice from across the room.

"You're skills are required." Taylor said, as she picked up a pool cue and gestured towards the table.

"More pool?" Jackson responded, as he grabbed his tshirt off the couch and began putting it back on. He was a good looking guy who you could tell was a regular at whatever this place was. He walked over to Taylor and leant in. "So I'm on your team?" He asked her.

"Yeah you fucking idiot." She laughed and pushed him away. "Let's play."

The game started badly. Taylor had instructed Nick and Gabriella to break and Nick told her she should. With all the reassurance of the coke in her system she smashed that white ball so hard it hit the one ball on the top of the pyramid and sent it flying straight over. Barely any of the balls changed position but the white ball was off the table and they had an immediate advantage.

"One off the break." Said Jackson as he grabbed the white ball off the ground and placed it on the line. "Can't shoot backwards?" He asked Nick, knowing he was the new guy. "Yeah, you can't shoot backwards. If you hit your ball first and it goes in but so does one of mine then it's just play on. You play that?"

Jackson looked At him and smiled. "We can play that. We usually play a foul but okay. It's your rules today."

"Apart from that it's pretty straight forward. But if you sink the white on the black it only counts as a loss if they are also on the black. Otherwise it's just a foul. You play that? It's important." said Nick.

"We don't play that. But we can play it today if you want. I'm pretty sure with Taylor on my team it shouldn't matter anyway."

He took his shot. The balls all smashed together and were sent in a million different directions. Or maybe 117. Depending on how they felt eachother. Nothing went in the pockets. It was still anyones game. Nick took the cue from Gabriella and made his shot count. He wanted to impress the three of them. That was Nicks thought as he cut it perfectly and hit the pocket and moved around the table, taking a quick glance at Gabriella. Her eyes meeting his with a smile only he and the moment could have given her.

The next shot was harder. A hard cut from the back of the table sideways to hit the very edge of number 11 and make it cut almost 90 degrees into the packet almost three feet away. But they were his favourite shots. He caressed the cue sharply to hit it right and the ball went where he wanted it to go. He smiled like it wasn't anything as he looked up at Gabriella again. He couldn't tell what she was thinking but he liked that and there was something about her eyes as they held his, forming whatever thought was held behind them. It made him immediately like her.

The game continued on as he turned his focus back to the purpose at hand. Even though the path he was about to undertake was perilous and he was quietly aware he was unlikely to survive it. In his mind he was somewhat glad he had the next few days to focus on literally anything other than the situation he had unwittingly found himself in. For right now, it was just a simple game of pool he had to try to win, or lose, hoping he might make a few new friends in the process if he was to somehow survive what lay ahead of him. In his mind he had already decided to come back here and start the next chapter of his life, knowing him and his brother could never really go home again, even if he was to save him.

He placed his focus back on the game in front of him. He had played pool as a kid. His dad used to have a table. He was pretty good. Maybe he could make a good impression as it was clear the others, including Gabriella, even with all the coke flowing through her system, had played a lot. They were all clearly people that had some kind of position in this house. Nick could tell by the other seemingly random people all paying a little too much attention to the game. As if Nicks presence was something of an oddity. There was now a small group of people watching and following the game as it unfolded.

He missed his next shot completely.

"You should have closed your eyes." Said Taylor as Nick was looking down at the ground hearing her line and smiling counter-intuitively.

"Probably" He replied. "Couldn't have gone any worse, could it?" he said meeting her eyes. "Your shot I guess."

She stepped towards the table, knowing she had more than one shot she seemed to coast one of her balls towards the corner pocket. She then smashed the white hard into the waiting ball that went straight into the pocket leaving the white ball perfectly set up for a straight shot on number four towards the middle pocket. She didn't miss. She didn't miss again for the next four shots until a hard cut that just glanced the corner of the pocket and landed against the back wall of the table.

Gabriella took her cue and leant over the table. Leaning into the shot she looked around. Taylor had sunk 5 and they only had 2 left on the table except for the black. Nick had only sunk a couple, so she knew her shot counted. She leant over further and Nick noticed the pendant around her neck. It was a dove with a flower in its mouth. As he looked at her he thought about how cute she was, and with that thought she shot her shot perfectly giving them a little hope. That sentiment seemed somewhat stupid when Nick glanced at all the onlookers watching. He noticed how they all seemed to display a combination of both interest and judgement. Firmly on the side of Taylor more than anyone else it seemed. Gabriella was still smiling as she raised the cue back to her side and moved around the table halfway to Nicks side. There she stopped. She looked at Nick and then behind her and around the room. It wasn't the best angle as she stepped in, took the shot and just missed the pocket. She seemed genuinely disappointed as Jackson took his cue and continued on with the game.

The rest of it went pretty quickly. Nick ended up sinking the last couple to get them both on black. Then he sunk the white on the black, as it went in the pocket off a terrible shot. He immediately thought how he'd always hated losing that way. Not that there's a better way to lose.

He shook Taylor and Jackson's hands and as he looked into her eyes Nick shook his head.

"Cocaine. Might have had a chance without the cocaine I reckon." Said Nick almost too seriously.

"You're smart enough to know I still would have got you." She said with a smile and a cool little wink.

Nick left it there, considering the temptation to go do some more coke. He resisted, making his way to the balcony to look over the city instead. Lighting another cigarette to reflect on the situation at hand. There was still more to be organised if Nick was going to rescue his brother and get him out of the Redlands safely.