"5461" Bones said quietly to Nick as he entered the pin into the lock on the door. It was the computer room Bones had left out of the tour earlier, and with a click it unlocked and they entered the room. It was full of computers all placed back to back into the center of a long table. Bones hastily closed the door and turned on the computer closest to them. "Here's what I found." He said eagerly as his fingers tapped away at the keyboard.

He proceeded to pull up a gps image of a region of the Redlands named Katal.

"It's a two day drive from Newtown." Bones said.

Nick examined the image as Bones zoomed in further until pointing out the phone tower Jak's call had come from.

"It's literally one village." He said smiling.

The map showed an aerial shot of a small village surrounded by mountain terrain.

Bones looked at Nick, "The place is called Ariz, it's in Katal. I looked it up. It doesnt say much, but I did find out that rebels and freelance mercenaries operate in the city close by. It might be some kind of outpost. But if they haven't moved him, that's where he is."

Nick was instantly relieved he now knew where his brother was. The truth was that Nick was operating out of desperation and had been making up the plan as he went. Amazingly his friend Bones had given him at least half a chance. If he could get to his brother he knew he'd do whatever he needed to get him out of there. But beyond that, he didn't really have much of a plan. Now it seemed like with the location of Jake narrowed down to a small village, he began to have hope that he might really be able to save him.

"Can you put that on a drive for me?" Nick asked.

Bones nodded, and began doing as instructed as Nick looked over the aerial images. There was a mountain range behind the village and it seemed as if there was only one way in and out. A long winding road deep in the center of the Redlands. It was widely known that the further you went into the redlands the more dangerous things became and even Newtown, the regions capital was known to be ruthless and unforgiving. Nick knew his journey would be perilous but he held a blind trust that everything would work out in the end. A trust that he and his brother would soon be back at this house, with Bones and his new friends, drinking and talking about their adventure. That was Nicks hope as he took the usb drive from Bones. He already had a map of the redlands he had printed out from his family homestead, but Nick took the opportunity to print out a detailed map of Katal.

"Jared, I just want to say thank you man." Nick said appreciating how much Bones had helped him. "If it wasn't for you i'd have no chance."

Bones put his hand on his shoulder and smiled as he looked Nick in the eye.

"Anything for Nick." He said simply.