It was four in the morning when the fuel light flicked itself on as Nick drove down the highway. The music blaring out of his stereo matched the intensity of the cars velocity as it sped down the empty road. There was not a car in sight and to him it felt like peace. As if the state of mind was somehow hidden away between the deafening tone of drums and heavy guitar riffs, and the sheer recklessness of his ford screaming down the deserted road. The moment held nothing else. It was like sheer abandonment of every moment that had come before, with not a single expectation for the future. The moment was his, and on the deserted highway between his home and his destination he felt liberated as he wound down his window and lit another cigarette. He blew smoke out into the cold night air and pressed down harder on the accelerator.

Twenty minutes passed before the neon sign of a gas station appeared. He slowed and turned in, parking next to one of the pumps. He filled up the tank and walked inside. A young boy, no older than fifteen stood behind the register playing some sort of game on his phone. As the bells on the top of the doors rang out the boy looked up casually, then back down at his game. Nick strolled down the first aisle examining all the snacks before picking up a packet of Doritos. He grabbed a can of coke and a large bottle of water and approached the counter. A glass case stood to Nicks left on the other side of the cash register. The bright lights making all the greasy food in it look inviting, although he assumed the spring rolls and pies had probably been there for some time.

"Hi, can I get the fuel and these thanks." Nick gestured at the bottles and chips.

"I'll also get that pie and two spring rolls if I can. Thanks." Nick said.

The kid looked up from his game, yawned, and looked at the drinks and chips. He reached out, grabbed the coke and began scanning each item without saying a word. He proceeded to grab the pie and spring rolls and place them into a small brown paper bag. Looking at the screen on the register and then out at Nicks ford, he glanced back to meet Nicks eyes.

"That's $97.65."

As Nick reached for his wallet he noticed another car turning into the gas station. He reached in and grabbed two $50 notes and gave them to the cashier.

"Can I keep the change?" Said the kid.

This took Nick by surprise.

"Um, the change?" Nick let out a slight laugh. "Ah, yeah I guess. Sure." He responded.

The kid looked genuinely happy with himself. A smile formed as his attention went back to his phone. It was as if there was some sort of inside joke that Nick was unaware of involving $2.35 the kid had just inherited. Nick imagined he asked every customer the same thing. Forming something of a slow savings fund where he could buy the next game he wanted. Or maybe he was saving to leave the gas station located somewhere between the middle of nowhere and nowhere good. Either way he was happy to help. He collected his items from the counter and began walking towards the door as he heard them slide open.

The girl seemed to almost prance through the door with a skip in her step as she entered the gas station with what seemed like opportune purpose. It was a long deserted road in both directions and the first gas station Nick has seen for a few hours. He imagined most people would come in wanting supplies. As he reached the doorway he noticed the girl grab a handful of candy bars then look up at the teenager behind the register, before placing them into the front pocket of her long black cardigan. Her eyes met his and she grinned, just as quickly spinning around and stepping off towards the fridges full of drinks. Her black boots matching the long black hair hanging down below her shoulders. Nick smiled back at the girl now facing away from him examining the drinks along the wall. He made his way back to his car. As he started the engine and began to drive back onto the highway he passed the red Camero parked in the next fuel bay. A young man, maybe 25 years old, stood at the pump with his eyes firmly fixed on Nick as he slowly made his way past to the gas station exit. The man had a small upside down cross on the right side of his face and tattoos all over his arms and neck. His short black hair was spiked up and the look on his face seemed interested and serious. Past him, in the back seat of the Camero there was another girl. She was blonde and very pretty. She was seemingly searching the seat around her for something as Nick put his attention back on the road and the highway strip.

It only took another 20 minutes before Nick noticed the headlights of a car behind him on the highway. He was still sitting just under 120km per hour yet the car seemed to be catching up. He wondered whether it was the red Camero from the gas station as he stuffed the second spring roll into his mouth, ignoring the stale texture of it as he followed it with a mouthful of coke. His music blared out into the dark night air as he continued down the road, passing a large sign that read "Preston Heights 51km - Castle City 234km" underneath each other, as the lights of the car behind grew in intensity until the bright lights reflected sharply in his rear view mirror. 'They must be sitting 140km easy' he thought to himself. The lights veered into the oncoming lane as the car sped up and came up alongside Nick's Ford. It was in fact the Camero he had seen at the gas station.

Nick looked across at the car as it came up alongside him on the dark road in the quiet hours of the morning somewhere between his home and his future, and the dark haired girl sitting in the passenger seat looked back at him. All three of them did. The man driving fixed his eyes on Nick,then back to the road pressing the accelerator down further. The blonde girl in the back looked at him and made a funny expression as she banged her head as if listening to Nick's music. She was laughing and said something to the others. The dark haired girl looked at him with what seemed like a genuine smile. She raised a beer to her mouth and pointed at the road ahead before looking back at him grinning. He smiled back, admiring her face as it came in and out of the street lights. She had soft, stunning features. Her blue eyes were inviting and her wide lips spread across her face as she smiled at him. Nick met her eyes, glanced quickly at the blonde girl nodding her head to the Deftones track on his stereo, then brought his attention back to her. He took a draw of his cigarette and nodded as if greeting her. She kept his eyes and nodded back, smiling as the car sped past, the engine roaring loudly as the Camero changed gears and swept past Nick's Ford, speeding further and further down the road until it disappeared.

"Castle City 51km" the sign read as Nick grabbed the bottle of water and took a sip. He looked around at the landscape. It was dawn and the morning sun had just appeared over the hills on the horizon. The road had gone from a quiet deserted road to a major highway over the last 25km, with the cattle he once saw grazing the fields, now replaced by industrial plants and warehouses spread sparingly down the sides of the highway. The homesteads and farms gradually became fewer and fewer as he drove through the outskirts of the city towards a cheap hotel room and some much needed rest.

The sunrise immediately took its toll as he squinted his eyes from the glare and felt it's rays start to beat down on his face. He had been driving all day and night and the sun was not a welcome sight. Soon he would be in Castle City however, where he could get some breakfast and check into his hotel. He was staying at a place called the Haven Hotel, somewhere just south of the city centre. He had booked it online the day before he left. It had a queen sized bed, air conditioning, wifi, and not much else. He had paid for 2 nights after seeing the second night for 75% off. He didn't plan on staying in Castle City very long, hopefully one night. But it would give him an extra day if he needed it, as he began turning off the highway, taking the southside exit onto the busy streets of the outer suburbs.

"We only take cash." The girl behind the counter exclaimed as she reached her hand out enthusiastically, holding it in front of Nick with an expectant look.

"That's okay." He replied as he handed her $150 in three fifty dollars bills. "That's for both nights, right?" he asked.

The girl looked at the computer screen in front of her for a moment before replying.

"Yep, that's two nights, a hundred and fifty dollars."

Still looking at the computer screen she took the money and opened the cash register. She placed the money in and closed it, giving Nick a final look up and down before turning around and retrieving a set of keys from the back wall. She walked back to the counter and placed them down as she began to go over the specifics of their deal.

"So, check out is 2pm on Saturday. If you need any extra towels or linens just call down and someone will send them to your room. If you take anything from the bar fridge it will be added to your expenses and is to be paid the following day here at reception. No music after 10pm. Any questions?"

Her tone was orderly yet genuine. Although it was clear she was hoping he had no questions. It was just after 7am and Nick guessed she had been working the night shift. Judging by the tired look in her eyes she seemed to be nearing the end of it.

"Nope, no questions. All sounds good to me."

The girl looked relieved, and placed the keys in Nick's hand.

"Good. It's room 19" she replied with a smile. "Enjoy staying here."

"Thanks." Replied Nick, as he turned and headed towards the stairs that led up to a balcony, and ultimately room number nineteen.

He turned the key and opened the door to his hotel room. With his black napsack hung over his shoulder he examined the room in its simplicity. There was a queen size bed up against the wall in front of him. A tv hung bracketed on the wall opposite. There was a bedside table holding a lamp on the far side of the bedroom next to a sliding door and a small balcony. Everything seemed tidy, neat and clean. The bathroom lay to his left with a small rectangular shower and toilet, separated by a divider. There was also a bar fridge in the back corner of the room underneath the television. Nick immediately made his way to it, throwing his bag on the bed and pulling open the door. "Let's see what we got." He said out loud as he looked inside to a see a selection of different drinks, chocolates, and snacks options.

He grabbed a small bottle of whiskey and a can of coke and made his way to the phone and the room service menu on the bedside table.