"Nick." Said the voice on the other line. "You at the house?"

It was Nate. He sounded serious and direct.

"Yes. I'm here." said Nick. "I'm with Taylor."

"Good. Meet us at the space. Now."

Nate hung up. Nick looked at Taylor.

"That was Nate. We've got to go."

"Yep." She replied simply as she stepped up from her seat. "Let's go."

Her response was immediate, as was Nicks. Whatever else was happening with the deal with the Turks it seemed important to her too. She grabbed her jacket off the table and turned to Gabriella. "See you when we get back." She said and with Nick firmly by her side they left and made their way to the space.

They walked through the blue and red door, down the stairs, through both doors and into the space. There were a lot more people in the club now and the dance floor was full of party goers. It was 10pm and the booths and the bar were also ridden with people talking and drinking.

"Follow me.' Said Taylor grabbing Nicks hand. They walked across the club to the stairs and up to the same room he had been in earlier that day. She knocked on the door and a moment later Bones appeared, swinging the door open and nodding in the direction of the booth at the back. They walked in silently and Nick followed the other two around the table in the center to the edge of the booth. He stood there next to Bones who had positioned himself at Nate's side as he sat staring at the Turks across the table. Another man sat next to him. He wasn't one of the four men Nick had seen last time he was here. He was probably in his late forties and Nick wondered how he fit into Nates operations. Opposite Nate sat two men, with a third standing against the wall. He was clearly the muscle. The other two men were a lot older. 'They must be the Turks.' Nick thought, as he began contemplating what he would do once he had the passport in his hands. He had decided earlier that day that he would leave Castle City tomorrow on the first flight he could get.

He stood there wondering why he had been invited to attend this criminal get together. He had assumed it would be done without him. One of the Turks glanced at him and Taylor. He nodded at her with what seemed like recognition. Taylor nodded back. Nick stood there in silence as the man looked him over before looking back at Nate.

"Does he know?" The man asked.

"Not yet. That's why he's here." Said Nate looking at Nick.

Nick just stood there exchanging looks with the Turk, then Nate.

"Know what?" He asked.

"We have a job for you." Said Nate with a slight glint of force.

The room stayed quiet a moment.

"A job?" Nick said as he quickly realised there might be strings attached to this whole passport deal. "You know I have things I have to do Nate." Said Nick almost pleading with him. The intended stress of the fact his brother was being held captive was present in his voice. "Nate..."

Before he could get out the words Nate chimed in with an even more direct tone.

"It's easy Nick. You don't have to change a single thing. Trust me. This will help both of us. All of us" He said, gesturing towards the Turks. "All you have to do is take something with you to the Redlands."

Everyone in the room had their eyes on Nick. He looked at Bones. His expression was disappointment mixed with slight wonder and confusion. It was clear Nate hadn't filled him in on the new plan. 'It must be the item Jackson had mentioned earlier that day.' Nick thought to himself.

"What is it?" He asked them hoping desperately it wasn't drugs.

The Turk furthest from Nick slid the passport across the table to Nate.

"It's a briefcase." He said holding the passport up. "All you have to do is take it on the flight and hand it off to our guy when you arrive. I'm assuming you are flying into Newtown. It's the only way in from here." Nate said tapping the passport on the table as he looked at Nick.

"What's in it?" He asked.

"It doesn't matter what's in it." Nates voice became more persuasive, "Nick. The contents of the suitcase is not important. Just know that it is incredibly valuable. If you do this for us you get the passport for free. All you gotta do is deliver it to our guy when you arrive. He'll be waiting for you." They looked at eachother and as if Nate knew Nick was thinking drugs he followed with, "It's not drugs and its not what you'd expect. But it's also something we can't send through normal channels. Think of it like this. You are going there anyway, this is just one more piece of luggage."

This was the last thing Nick needed, but as he stood there taking in the situation an idea occurred to him. He knew he needed to arm himself once arriving in the Redlands and had enquired down certain paths on the dark web. He already had a plan but the moment presented the perfect opportunity to organise it now.

"I'll do it." He said with determined confidence. "On one condition. Have your guy in the Redlands sort me out a gun. I'll do it for the passport and a gun. If you can sort that we have a deal." Said Nick, impressing even himself with the authority in his voice. Nate looked at the Turks and smiled.

"This guy, negotiating." He laughed. "A gun in the Redlands, that'll be difficult." He said with another laugh. Then his face got serious again. "That's no issue." He said throwing Nick the passport. "Good. It's a deal." Nate exclaimed rising to his feet. "Let's get out of here."

He picked up the briefcase that lay on the table in front of them and motioned with his left arm tilting his head at the Turks as if inviting them to leave. The three men rose to their feet and began walking towards the door. Just as they got there one of them looked back at Nick.

"If anything happens to that briefcase it wont just be your brother you have to worry about." He said with a harsh certainty. 'What have I got myself into?' Thought Nick as he, Bones and Taylor all looked at eachother.

Nate approached Nick with the briefcase holding it up in front of him as he pat him hard on the back. "This is worth millions mate. Try not to fuck this up and I'll owe you as well, not just Jared." He said as he tapped the combination locked briefcase and looked at Nick closely. "You know," he said, pausing as if considering whether or not to continue, "When I heard what happened that day, I planned on killing that kid. The only reason I didn't was because I figured the way you beat him down, well, I figured it was enough. Did you know," there was another pause as Nate leaned in even closer almost pressing his forehead against Nicks looking him dead in the eyes. "He never came back from it, did you know that? The way you wouldn't stop, no matter how much he screamed, I wish I was there to see it." Said Nate as his top lip began to reveal an intensity of rage and contempt that he didn't even try to hide. "You know he told his older sister he thought you were a demon. I bet you didn't know that." Nate stepped back still holding Nicks eyes. "Whatever he saw in your eyes that day still haunts him. That's why he's still alive." Nate said. "Thats the only reason." There was a long pause as each mans eyes remained locked. Nick keeping his eyes fixed just as hard on Nate as Nates on his now. The intensity of the moment made Taylor step back as if something bad was about to happen. Nick held back the tears that wanted to form and instead was instantly overcome with the same thing he felt that day. The four of them stood in silence as they awaited Nicks response. He said nothing. After a moment Nate nodded, as if approving the moment and Nicks lack of response. "I wanted you to know that."said Nate, "Do this job for us and you'll always have a place here. Always."

With those words Nate handed Bones the briefcase and walked out of the room. Nick just stood there staring through the table, the room, the world, back to that day as he held back the tears like he had done so many times before. His lip rose the same way Nates did and he became aware of Bones and Taylor still staring at him. He shook his head as his eyes gave in and began to well. He quickly wiped it away and looked at the others. Bones took a step towards him and grabbed his shoulder.

"That kid had it coming." He said firmly.

Nick looked at him, and despite the truth of that day, for a moment he appreciated the friendship that had been formed in the worst of circumstances. Bones had always been there for Nick after that fight in the park, as if they had made an unspoken deal. Nick never had a better friend. He composed himself and looked at Taylor. "Passport." He said holding it up with a forced smile, deliberately turning his focus back to the present. "What do we do now?" He asked.

"Your last night in paradise." Said Bones. "Compared to the Redlands this place is basically heaven."

"They serve drinks in heaven?." Nick asked trying to lighten the vibe.

Taylor took both their hands. "Let's get a drink." She said, leading them out of the room.

"Oh," said Bones, "I think I may have found your brother too."