The next morning Nick awoke in one of the large bedrooms of Bones' incredible house. The night had been something of a mix between drinking and doing drugs with Taylor, Gabriella and Jackson. The four of them got along well, and Nick felt like he could let go of some of the anxiety and stress of all the things he still needed to organise if he was to get his brother Jake back. There were things he needed to do over the next two days to make sure he had at least a chance of finding him and there were other parts of the plan he still had to work out. He knew his chances weren't great, but it was his older brother. He had to try. The thought stayed with him in almost every moment, even as Gabriella's arm reached across his chest as she leaned in eyes half closed and smiled at him.

"Morning." She said softly.

Nick looked at her and smiled back, hiding all the intensity of the thoughts in his mind. "Morning." He said back smiling more.

"Do you drink coffee?" He asked.

"Yes, yes, coffee." She said back moving her hand up his chest. "I want coffee too."

Nick grabbed her hand as he leant up and began to stand up off the bed. As he rose to his feet he looked around the room and then towards the open door that led out into the hall.

"Um, where's coffee here?" He asked as she pulled the covers up towards her. She moaned and slowly launched herself out of bed.

"I'll show you." She said with a cute glance upwards at him as if she really didn't mind.

The two of them sat along the bench backing on to the kitchen behind the pool tables drinking coffee. Nick with no shirt on, just the pants he'd been wearing the day before. Gabriella wore his shirt with just her underwear. She was shorter than Nick so his shirt hung low on her. The TV was on the far wall directly in front of them and both sat in silence for a few minutes, seemingly fixated by Brad Pitt in Fight Club. It was strangely calming to Nick. Sitting there with a girl he'd met the day before watching Fight Club in silence while drinking coffee. So simple in the essence of the moment. He couldn't help but appreciate it as the contrast would soon be very different.

"I wonder where Bones is." Nick stated, looking across at Gabriella.

"I know where he is." She replied. "It's eleven, he'll be down at the space." She said, as if Nick should know what the space is.

"Where's that?"

She looked at the TV for a moment as if considering her options. Then looked back at him.

"I forgot you just got here. I guess I can take you if you want. I don't have anywhere I have to be until later. If you want." She said formally.

Nick took down the last of his coffee and bit his lip staring straight ahead, contemplating the things he would need to get done before Friday when his passport would be ready.

"Um, yeah sure." He replied.

Gabriella seemed to notice he was slightly distant but replied with "Okay, well I just have to get ready."

"Fuck." Nick said "I have to get back to my hotel to get changed."

Gabriella thought for a moment. "How well do you know Bones? His room is upstairs. You could borrow something of his." She paused, "if you know him that well. Could be a bad idea otherwise."

Nick realised how little he had told Gabriella about himself and Bones. He hadn't mentioned much about his life the night before. They had done a lot of cocaine, drank alcohol, and talked about anything other than Nicks life story. They knew he was from a small town. They knew he and Bones had become friends in Castlemont years before. He had also mentioned that he used to break in horses. He preferred they didnt know too much about him. At least for now. At least until this whole thing was over. All they really knew is that Nick was Bones friend from Castlemont and that they spent a few years hanging out.

"He won't mind." Said Nick as he stood up. "I'll go steal something if you want to get ready. Can you drive? My car is at my hotel too."

"Yep." Gabriella replied confidently. "Meet back here in thirty and I'll take you."

She put her hand on his for a second as she stood up then walked off spritely like she didn't have a care in the world. Nick watched her bounce around the corner and out of sight. He couldn't help but smile briefly, before the determination the situation required quickly flew back into his mind. 'Maybe after.' He thought.

The drive was spent mostly in silence. Nick and Gabriella were feeling the effects of the night before despite the coffee. She made a hard right onto a street so narrow it was basically an alley. She drove down a little further before coming to a stop. A blue door with red graffiti scrawled across it lay to Nicks left.

"That's the space." Said Gabriella, pointing to the door. "Go through there. You'll find Bones."

Nick looked at the door and back to her. "You coming?" He asked her.

"Nah, I have some stuff to do. Maybe I'll see you again if you come back to the house. I don't live there like Taylor, but I'm always there."

Nick smiled as he met her eyes and nodded. Opening the door he stepped out of the silver sedan and closed it. Leaning down back inside the car he looked at Gabriella.

"I'll see you later." He said as she smiled back with another thought he couldn't see.

Nick knocked on the red and blue door. There was no response. He hesitated for a moment then grabbed the door handle and turned it. It opened inwards, as he looked down to see a staircase that seemed to go as far down as Nick could see without a single light except that coming from the street behind him. He walked down for while before coming to a square of cement with another door on the right of the stairway. He took a breath. He had absolutely no clue what this place was but as soon as he knocked a slit on the door opened and a pair of eyes met his as a red light turned on above him. Nick was taken aback and stepped away with one foot before collecting himself as the bouncer or guard, or for all Nick knew, the mercenary spoke disciplined and clearly "Who are you?"

Nick stuttered out the words. "Im looking for Bones. He's a friend of mine. Is he here?"

"The question I asked is who the fuck are you?" The man repeated.

"Nick." He said trying to regain his composure. There was a brief pause as the man's eyes looked at Nick through what seemed like a steel door. Then they disappeared as the slot slammed closed.

A few moments later the door opened and a large man stood before him.

"Come on in." He said, stepping away from the doorway. Nick went inside what looked like a coat room. The large man walked over to the next door on the other side of the small room. The moment he opened it loud bass could be heard echoing from inside. Nick ventured forth as the door closed hard behind him. Walking down a dark hallway lit with small LED lights flying through the walls like little different coloured sprites. The music got very loud very quickly as he reached the opening to a massive basement. A DJ was playing house music but the place was almost empty except for a few people milling around the large open space. There was a large bar and what looked like small rooms or booth style seating all along the walls. In the middle there lay a giant dance floor.

Nick looked across the room making his way towards the bar. 'What is this place?' he thought as he pulled out his phone and called Bones. It rang a few times and then he heard his voice.

"Nick, I'm upstairs." Both could hear the music echoing between phones. "Where are you?"

"At the bar." Nick replied.

"Go to the stairs across from you opposite the entry. I'll meet you there in a second."

Nick ignored the impulse to get a drink and walked over to the stairs that seemed almost hidden as they protruded behind the dance floor wall. There stood Bones.

"Nice clothes." he remarked.

Nick smiled, "I had a lot to choose from."

Bones returned the smile, "Come with me." He said making his way up the stairs as Nick followed.

They walked through a black door on the side wall. In the room was Jackson and three other men, all of which had there focus on a computer or phone. Jackson turned around greeting Bones.

"Bobby hasn't got it. He's saying it's the Turks."

Bones looked at him a moment, and then at the ground as if contemplating whatever the situation was.

"Tell him to go see Charlie and get the bond from Southside. Then tell him to come here." He replied.

Jackson looked At Nick, nodded and went back to his phone. Bones looked at Nick.

"We're getting your passport off the Turks. So this might actually help." He said as if Nick was aware of whatever he had just been discussing.

"Okay." Said Nick back, not knowing what else to say.

Bones made his way across the room to a booth in the back corner. It was a large room, with a large table in the middle of it. Nick followed him and sat down.

"It might not take as long as we thought." Said Bones. "We have to pick something up from the Turks later." He continued. "I'll see where it's at. If it's ready we'll do both at once. Later tonight." He said looking up at the boys at the table then back at Nick.

"You sure you want to go the Redlands bro. We could hang here. Work for us. You know half the things we do here are legit." He offered. "I can hook you up with something if you want. You used to draw and stuff and you're good with a computer. Be one of our designers. We can hang like the old days. We got a pretty good crew here. You'd fit right in." Said Bones.

Nick looked at Bones and thought for a long moment. The determination and forced resolve showed through as he and his friend sat there.

"Jake's in trouble man. Ive got to go help him. He's in a bad situation." Nick said tapping his fingers down on the table as his hand shook just slightly. This was the first time Nick had mentioned anything to anyone. His heart raced and he stopped for a moment, taking a breath.

"Keep this to yourself." Said Nick looking Bones in the eyes. Bones nodded. "Sure man."

Nick continued on, "He's been doing some shady business in the Redlands and now someone has him. I have to get him back."

"What like a ransom?" Bones asked.

"No." Nick stopped himself quickly. "Kind of. Yeah" he said, not wanting to give too much away. "I just have to get over there. Do this deal with them and they'll let him go."

"That does not sound that good man." Bones said concerned. "I thought your brother worked the docks or something. What's he actually do?"

"I don't know." Said Nick replying with as much honesty as he could fake.

"I just know whatever he was doing went bad."

Nick decided not to give Bones any further details as he knew it would get back to Nate the second Bones was alone with him, and if Nick remembered Nate for one thing it was that he was always looking for an angle he could profit from in any situation. So Nick changed the conversation back to Bones to avoid divulging the troubling details he had left out.

"When I get back I might stay here for a while. Take you up on your offer." Said Nick still lightly tapping the table.

"Definitely." Bones replied with a smile.

Eager to change the subject Nick quickly turned the focus away from himself. "Man you have to tell me exactly what you do here?" he tempted, knowing Bones was always eager to talk about himself.

They spent the next half an hour talking about Bones and Nates enterprises and criminal undertakings. His brother had always been the ringleader and had them both in many underhanded dealings including frauding people through online scams, selling illicit products over the dark web, and other legitimate means of gain such as a graphic design business, program development businesses, and a few "consulting gigs we call them" Bones explained as they both sat drinking rum and coke.

"It's how we categorise a lot of our work. It can be anything from old school protection hustles to blackmail." Bones said leaned in as if telling him something in confidence. "Nate has everything locked in." Said Bones. "We are building an empire here." Nick sat there a moment and thought about whether Bones or Nate might be able to help him further. But the truth was that Nicks' plan was not overly complicated, let alone smart. Even with all of Nates abilities he knew he only needed one thing from him other than the passport and then there probably wasn't much else he could do for him. He was on his own with this.

"I have one more favor to ask you." Nick said with the same tone of confidence they had earlier.

Bones tilted his shaved head and grinned at Nick. "Anything you need brother. You're my guy. I always figured you'd end up here if it wasn't for the horses. Now you're here."

"I need one of your hacker buddies to get me the location of the cell tower I got Jake's call from. I need to find out where he is."

Bones looked at Nick holding a firm stare. "That's one I'd do myself." He said with seriousness that came with a confidence that was easy. He smiled again. "Number?" Bones asked.

Nick took his phone out and gave Bones the number Jake had called him from. "I'll do it tonight." Said Bones as he stood up from the booth. "Feel free to hang around if you want bro but I have some work to do." He said gesturing to the other boys in the room. Nick decided to leave and make his way back to his hotel.

He walked down and out of the alley into the busy streets of the city. People were everywhere. He made his way down a few blocks until he came across a small bar. He had the rest of the day as he waited for the call from Bones about his passport. Before Nick could order his usual rum and coke he heard the beeping sound of a new message. It was Taylor.

"Where are you? Come to Silent Beach." it read.

Nick had no idea where he was, let alone the beach she had mentioned. He debated whether or not to return to his hotel room or just go see her.

"Im not really dressed for the beach." He sent back.

"Just come." He received back seconds later.

That was enough convincing as Nick thought better of the rum and coke and waved down a green taxi as he made his way to meet her.

The landscape was beautiful as he stood up out of the cab. The beach spread across the coastline for miles. The sky was bright blue and cloudless as Nick stepped up onto the footpath that led down onto the beach. As his feet hit the sand he reached down and removed his shoes. Looking around there were a number of people swimming and baking out in the sun. He couldn't see Taylor anywhere as he walked down further towards the water. He wondered whether Gabriella was with her as he took his shirt off and began wading through the water jeans and all. He looked up at the sky and around the Cove, putting his hands down into the ocean and splashing his face. Looking back at the shoreline there stood Taylor walking towards him. Her perfect figure literally glistening in the sunlight as she approached casually, yet somehow with what seemed like a look of distant sympathy across her face.

"You weren't lying. You really weren't dressed for the beach were you?" She said playfully.

Nick splashed his face again.

"Nope." He replied. "It's nice out here though."

Taylor stepped into the water towards Nick. He noticed she seemed different. He couldn't work out whether it was because she wasn't high on cocaine but something was softer about her presence. She had seemed very cool and sharp last night. He wondered if she could already know about Jake but this question was answered almost immediately.

"I heard about your brother. Bones called Nate and I was there." She said with her eyes fixed on him.

They stood there for a moment in silence Nick looking down at the water.

"It'll be okay. I just have to get him back." he said, not even bothering to mention how quickly Bones had told Nate. There was a long pause while both of them stood there motioning their hands through the water.

"What's your plan?" She asked him.

Nick looked her in the eye.

"I'm going to get him back."

There was another pause.

"Nate told me what you did for Bones back when. He said you saved him. Got in a lot of trouble for it too." Taylor spoke, her blue eyes sharply examining Nicks. "He respects you. And Nate doesn't respect anyone really."

Nick held her eyes briefly before throwing his arms up splashing at the water.

"Bones had my back too that day and has every day since. I think I got the better end of the deal." He replied looking back at her.

"Yeah well Nate is pretty well connected. If you did need something it wouldn't hurt to ask him. What is your plan exactly?"

Nick hesitated a moment as they stood there in three feet of water. Nick still didn't trust Nate wouldn't find a way to use the situation to his advantage if he went into too much detail.

"Once I'm in the Redlands I know what I need to do." He fained confidently. He knew his plan was reckless and not well thought out but time was a pressing factor. His current priority was the passport and finding the location of his brother. The rest of his plan was still being formed in his mind. She pressed further,

"So that's your whole plan to get him back." She seemed forceful in her tone. He didn't know if he could trust her and contemplated her intentions for meeting him here and decided again to keep it simple.

"I've organised a driver in the Redlands that'll take me anywhere I want to go. Once I know where he is, I'm going to go get him."

There was a long pause as Taylor waited for him to continue. After a moment she looked frustrated and pressed him again more critically. "How can that be your whole plan?" She said as if she knew he was leaving out a lot.

"I haven't had much time to really figure it all out yet." Nick offered in an attempt to end the conversation. There was silence as Taylor let out a sigh.

"Okay." She said disarmingly, seeming to realise the simplicity of Nicks plan and that he hadn't seemed overly confident in its delivery. She grabbed his hand and smiled.

"Come on. Gabriella is at the house. You may as well hang until the boys are ready."

She splashed some water at Nick and looked up at the blue sky. "Ive had enough of the beach for one day." She said looking at him with the same softness she had approached with.

"Why'd we meet here?" Nick asked, realising Taylor had seemingly arrived after him. She forced a smile that quickly faded as she looked back up at the sky again.

"This is where my brother died." She responded guiding her hands through the water slowly as she turned her back to Nick and began making her way out of the water. It was then Nick realised why she had met him here. Maybe he could trust these people after all. He made his way along side her as they walked to her car in silence. Nick wanted to ask about her brother but the thought of losing Jake was enough to stop him as they made their way to the house and the others.