Dreamland Tryst

Rainbow colored sugar coated bits of jelly hanging from the lip of a princess in her castle as she looks in the mirror and contemplates the kingdom she lays pretty in. Beauty in forms that lace stone blue with petals and golden arches inside the tower doors. Such beauty sometimes lays upside down in bed pondering every prince that ever made his house above the sea. Knowing many, yet stolen to moments all unknown. The fantasy or dream of his arrival making heart red glory lust inside her smile rising upwards, like every prince should promise. The hand of someone who's above the state of wonder in exception of her dream. To take hers, and make way above the stars as knelt before the marry of their kingdoms born among us both stature and love. The narrator but a view of such grand things. No word nor statement such for envious sight of beauty in creation of each dream we lay inside. She smiled, as the whisper arrived to let her know he was here. Such a game to see anew potential in a gaze, a pondered thought such in designs. For what could be, as he enters to reveal himself. Upon their eyes both met he spoke and in it found her sweetness poised. 'Your majesty' hits different when it comes from eyes of same she thought. His smile revealed it instantly, the future never far. A rose in hand he offered a touch, such thorns avoided taking it. And now she has another flower in the vase on the bedside of her kingdom. As he makes tides reach in of hand to guide him in the moment. He is a prince after all. In greeting there was less than what followed in their making. She offered him a rainbow colored sugar coated piece of jelly but he smiled and declined. Reaching into his pocket to reveal a hard sweet candy she had never seen before. 'Try this. It tastes like wonder like a stream that flows such color on your palette you disappear within a dream.' 'I just like the sugar' she said back as they both laughed. 'I got it from a guy down the street' he said back smiling as everything broke upwards. This would work just fine she thought, just fine I like it so. 

Outside the gates a carriage lay before with silver coins and as each smile arrived it reached the doors not worse than where it came except for but a few that fell from tired hands among the journey. Inside as the horse was drawn and kept in quarter news was brought, that everything was ready for the night above the day. Still the two like royalty just sat inside her room. Soon they'd both decide with certainty it worked and would for sight believe the makings right for at least love and so much more. And so unto the world a couple swept up into frame. Their kingdoms making rise to perfect balance all unknown themselves, such times in waiting. Blissful ages eras build up dirt to stone to common comfort. Opportune and rife with possibility with love above in hand over all among them. In a kingdom all their own. To be so loved and in love never known she swept to graceful action. Let us see the making be of light to touch and own. There in wonder never laid they made a binding promise where the married wept in times so new they were to never doubt it. And in their vows like trust in soul they made such moments count. For true love knowing else to be none such of quality untouched. The carriage down below would wait until they'd had enough. Then it's time would reach their hands once fate took up its chance. For what is love untested? But a story not worth telling. In every part or piece of wanderlust of a being tempted forward comes resistance in the chance that every perfect thing is lacking. So our story suffers but no lack for best of all, it was both sacrifice of each perfect thing, with not much more than never lost that would end all golden one day soon. 'Bring it forward. Let me see.' Such beauty in the chest itself. Worth above a barrel, yet below such contents with a note. Another king your majesty from east out near the mountains high. He seeks your favor known to be so great from all accounts in stead his mountains span his kingdom like he needed such a queen. I am not awarded like some silver she amused in such the sight of this young prince the north had sent. Written in the oldest ink the words lay bare among his crest. 'I will one day ponder all your beauty from up close. Take this gift my pledge aligned our kingdoms such a plan to find.' None was animosity of interest was the flaw, as this young princess told her men to give back all the weight this king could bear in chest and all. Selfless not to want the riches stolen with the moment gone. The prince she chose knew instantly but in the moment took her eyes and let it go as though in hope this king was not his dread, he was. Before that carriage turned around to leave the gates and venture home, the word was on the street and path way faster than a horse can draw, like birds fly truth like jealousy and with it, so it came to raise an army raging in his stead to feel again the warmth of something unattainable, that bird sent word. 

In times of war there is always that solemn moment it begins. For kingdoms vast it takes some time and days were spent aloud in jest of everything that would come to be. Lovers made in symmetry of purpose, wonder, symphonies of promises and mystery of lives unlived and moments coming fast up over sunshine. They made a little heaven in her room and castle, making known such fun it swept the kingdom like a hushed out want for every thing they knew this love could bring. Wedding bells made chapels whisper louder than the masses. Words spoke of the likable tryst with a prince they might bestow. The worth of a princess known for sight of certain. In her eyes they all took word and arrived within agreement always. So when her eyes lit up they saw this prince become their prince quite quick. Yet over hills and valleys through the last of his domain. The king of east would march his way into their glowing lust of shine before a single vow would ever reach their lips to bind it. 

His horse lay out beyond his men adorned in king like armor. Approaching sunlight fading like the scene knew to expect such dark. Above and out to prove his worth he had a fruitless plan to waste, and as the princess left the window running down the winding stairs, the king made all his plans unfold a greeting asked, a king recieved the arrow straight into his chest like it was full of silver. A cry broke out with anger fed from both sides all at once. Yet nothing like the sound of her heart breaking, castle doors all closing fast to see the eyes in grief they spoke with not a word in sight. Her father gone. A hunting party west held up her prince a wolf in arm and unaware of all the moments he was yet to face. A king himself in stead of archers in the start of night unwarned. She begged to leave, her father laying cold the castle held. Soldiers with a will to fight for her the newest queen made rage their ally all in sentiment of everything this king just took. And in their hearts made true the valour of a princess worth their sword as each men took the strength of her new love and fought them back outside the gates. 

Hold strong.' They held their walls until the day showed glimpses through the mist and as the morning came the prince and his men made way back into Dreamland. There is no king but kings in stead of kingdoms never realised. A sentiment it seems may have been worthy for the east to know. For this prince knew so many things his age had yet to show. Honeymoons while basking sunlight happiness he knew, inside this world lays nothing that may last above unrest. And this kings unrest lay in things this prince knew burnt like flame like fire never lasts each piece of wood to ash. And on his new arrival laid a crown the people hoped he'd take, and knew. Once he saw her eyes unchecked, knees bent upon her father. His life before his love came through so strong his sight turned from her. No feet would stay one foot in place as each he took the others followed. Through the castle doors the look of sugar sweet now faded as the prince stood first in line amidst a kingdom not his, but hers. The gates made way to the king and his sword. 

Some stories speak of destiny and with his will it would allow for chance to catch the wind in every breath and take him where he felt to go. And so he trusted, stepping out to kings he did not know to face. A prince is nothing but a king and son both all at once, and his was wise and strong and sharp his king had taught him all he knew or needed growing up. Now he knew to face it as this other king himself approached. 'Careful where you lay your head, I'll take it and then stay.' He said. Sword unseathed he stepped unto the field where both man stood to face. 'Our men have fought before I faced them. They lay dead as soon will you.' Each his own the dance began each sword sharp wit in strike and pitch but both men knew the art refined and neither one could win. Without his shield the prince hit fast a blade his princess gifted him the second night he mentioned their advancement all in play, he struck with purpose. Like the need to charge his faint with sword he took to aim and then as quickly as the king could counter next his plan ran hand to hand to pull his balance from the left and bring them crashing into stone the path where kings now walk through slow in sentiments of old, a warning cold. And while it's rare it's happened more than once a king was thrown to fate, the prince's blade cut swiftly, now the mountain king was gone. He rose up slowly knife in hand, he stood alive victorious. The cheers went up to the words aloud to 'choose another king.' The ending leading marches back to wence they came to do as much. 

It was quite a scene to see of ages known it still stands soaring high, they say the sound it echoes still on nights where truly all is well, magic and all known in perfect light of night you hear it. The sound of the crowd as the lovers embraced inside the gates where it ended in arms. All of love and life and victory and more was felt that day in time. Their kiss would last forever in the minds of those that saw it, and when each one would tell the story they would leave out all her tears. So lost in perfect awe amazement of such glory such in loss yet still so loud in hope that it was nothing short of deafening. Keeping each a king their own in time for each that felt it oh such hope to know and be inspired. To see such love they witnessed pure, each and all and two of love's resolve in force of fight and won. A kingdom all together yet it travelled just as fast back home to hear for him like they all knew it from their eyes themselves. A prince at home he still remained, yet now a king at her side he took. This moment making legend forming solid bonds for each sides rise and in their union come to see such long imagined greatness. Him as king, the princess queen. Two kingdoms bound by love itself, a wonder found in every moment absent of their places both. A heaven built inside one room it spread in word and thought, was carried vast and wide by all, as could be found with nothing worthy of a crest or flag or rich to claim. It sat among the smile of a princess in her tower staring at him eating rainbow colored sugar coated jellys, and everybody knew it.

Green Shine Pirates

Her long blonde hair wildly escaping the quiet still of her room, the princess stood on the deck of a ship that would carry our heroine aloft on the seas to the vast lands of her prince's kingdom. It was there the adventure of the moment took hold as she looked at the captain and up at the sky. 'The sun is high and bright today. A very good sign your majesty.' His voice was pleasant in tone yet rough as a sailor in its texture. A smile formed as the princess returned 'A lovely day to sail.' Simple words in form yet they would come to greet a day not such for in these times on seas so vast there lay more than mere whales to watch. Wild storms were known to seek a ship down sinking, waves with fierce intentions, and as was today's adventure matched there lay ahead a pirates venture. In search of gold and riches it is said that one may fall from grace, but these men flying skull crossed black had more than so and ruthless such, with cannons and swords theyd take to the sea to see what they could seize and take. This day they were to stumble on a princess queen aboard a ship that carried with it many treasures. Not least of which was a pure white dress for a wedding she lay bride in. The anchor pulled, and soon all they would hear is the sound of the hard wooden vessel moving swiftly through the clear blue water, as the coastline disappeared to open sea and horizons in every direction. At the helm she sat, the wind in her hair, as the ocean rocked all her thoughts back and forth. Oh wonder for all of the things yet to see in the faraway lands she sailed towards. She thought of her prince in his castle so grand and she smiled so in love with the thought of his face, that the gods up above watching all to be seen, decided this day to bestow her a gift.

'Ship ahead!' It rang out loud, the princess startled from her daydream met with fear of urgent happenings. 'A ship approaches. Pirates by the look my queen. Less than a handful of minutes I'd say before we meet them ship to ship.' The princess queen would grip her thigh and the knife it held for fear of fright. 'Ready the men.' Her voice commanded, as she looked upon the black flag of the pirates they were soon to face. A fuse was lit to start the skirmish, a cannon firing in defence of a queen. Many more would follow with the two ships getting closer. The pirates ship was not great in size, but its speed cut through water like the blade of a knife. Such a weapon soon to be reached for as the two ships came to meet in the ocean, where all things one day ventured may find themselves lost. The scratch and tear of wood on wood shook everybody on either side. Even the parret on the shoulder of a deck hand made a squawk as it fluttered to the screams of men at arms. The princess stood at the helm with her men. Three at her side, including the captain, she held her sword tight as he met with his first. Nothing like a pirate more a man like any man the captain thought as blade hit blade. The princess queen held firm her place, and while not much in sight of strength she knew the art of weilding swords. For such a skill her father taught in fear of moments such as these. The captain made his way to the next, the first laying dead on the hard wooden deck. The ship was aroar with the sound of men fighting, and soon it would seem the pirates gained the upper hand.

'Lay down your sword m'lady. This ship is ours!' The pirate yelled, his sword towards her. Clearly outnumbered with many men lost, the princess dropped it and took a step back, 'Take all you want, the treasures are yours, the one thing I ask is you spare a white dress.' The pirate in charge looked perplexed as he pondered the princess request. His eyes swept the boat and then back to our girl. 'A great many travel these crystal blue seas, and where would you set sail from?' Her chin rose up as she spoke like a queen. 'Dreamland is my home, my love, my kingdom and my throne.' She said. The pirate took a step back startled, 'You're the queen!' He spoke in breath, as the entire ship went silent. Unwittingly these pirates chasing riches at the cost of blood had stumbled onto royalty amidst the ocean vast. 'We must kill her.' The pirate yelled, 'or they will hunt us to our graves.' The blade on the thigh of the princess got cold and she felt it like warnings of what was to come. 'We cannot kill a queen.' Another rose into the fray, a boy about eighteen with curly hair and golden teeth spoke forward. 'I fear if we shed royal blood the treasures here will all be cursed.' The words were met with a snarl from the others, for greed knows not of curses laid. 'Get off my ship and run to where this place forgets you.' The princess pleaded. The pirate did not heed her words and charged in for the strike. Her hand was fast to the blade on her thigh and it all ended pretty damn quick. It went through his neck not the prettiest sight, as his eyes closed in search of whatever may lay beyond pirates and queens and a world full of treasure. 

The moment almost broke again as he fell to hit the deck. But with arms outstreched, no sword in hand, the pirate boy spoke loudly. 'Your majesty, a grave mistake we made to board your ship this day. Take this gift I have for you, a worthy trade to keep our lives?' His pocket revealed an emerald ring that shimmered green in the basking sun. He placed it in her hand and stepped back quickly, making way for her to gaze upon its beauty. 'The gemstone's from Erithia, its power is unknown. I stole it from a princess while she slept.' He said with pride. She looked upon the ring, it was no doubt a treasure to behold. So deep and bright in color, yellow gold with a bold green stone. She slid the ring onto her finger and claimed its unknown power, as a giant gust of wind swept up to celebrate the moment. It came to be known as the ring of the angels, holding power it was yet to reveal, but for now it would sit on the hand of a princess as she spoke to the pirates onboard. 'Take your leave.' She said to them, 'Or face the fate of your pirate king.' The men without their leader looked unsure of what to do. 'Let us go, in search of treasure not so worthy of our lives.' The order came from the boy who would take his chance to end the fray right there. With noone else to follow the pirates reluctantly agreed, and so they took to their ship to sail as far away as they could get, from a kingdom that now hunted them. The only thing gained in the entire ordeal was the ring on the finger of our princess the queen. 

The rest of the journey took almost a week, but with clear crystal skies and her dress in its chest, the princess looked happy in her cabin on the sea. The tides sweeping north would soon bring sight of land, that would in time be hers in proper making through marriage. They travelled down the coast admiring beauty in the mountain forests reaching out across the lush green lands of her lovers kingdom. A giant monument would come into sight that stood of his father the king of these lands where by all accounts most were to say he deserved it, it stood like a beacon of honor and strength. 'It's just down here a little further as we pass around those cliffs.' The captain pointed. 'An hour maybe less.' And so they went until the cliffs were turned and such a sight she saw. The kingdom grand revealed itself spanning vast across the cove. A city rich in beauty stretching high up over the hillside with a castle so magnificent it soared among the clouds. Much higher than the window atop her tower back in Dreamland. With ropes thrown and anchors dropped, they'd made it across the treaturous sea, our princess stepping off the ship to find her prince there waiting.

'Such a sight my eyes to see, my love, more beautiful then ever.' He said. The princess lit up at the sight of him and stepped fast to a lovers embrace. He took her hand and motioned at the city laid before them. 'Welcome to Cloudland. Your other kingdom.' he smiled, as the people looked on across the bank. 'In its greatness.' she said with a kiss, quickly followed by a wave prompting onlookers to cheer. The city was abuzz with talk of our lovers, and their cheers continued up to the castle gates themselves. 'We came upon some pirates.' She was to mention once inside, 'If it wasn't for a pirate boy I'd surely be at the bottom of the sea.' He took her hand and made his way up the stairs. 'Gladly I'd give him all the riches he needs, to be more than a pirate should you want it.' He said, the princess shaking her head. 'We struck a deal.' She said outloud but mostly to herself. And so it went our lovers met again, this time across the open seas, where not even pirates dared steal away the chance for this love story to blossom. Not only was the pure white dress hung perfectly in waiting, but the princess now had magic on her hand for which she would one day need. As our story finds its way to all the places dark and light that fills the world of these great lands, amidst a dreamland all its own.

Chapel White

A tryst to a love to a binding of such things would be enough for any thought for hope to marry. And while our lovers would come to look upon themselves to be so true, the sentiment of golden states in all who lay inside this kingdom grand this day would come to know to be in holy sight of what we all could dream to be. And on such days it came to be our lovers had much more to play than simply meeting hands to each themselves to which they knew their love. A brother all too lost in grandeur, eyes to see in every view of beauty rich among his land, with opportune too rife for even royalty to find so wise to be withheld. In stead of all his ventures whimsically portrayed, he had yet found a moment all in sight to learn of which his older brother told. Soon this would be mute this day unfolding, the prince on his fathers throne receiving gifts from all the many gathered turn in turn adorning the couple lovingly with treasures from the poorest to the richest from all places high and low. Married to the day in which they found their own forever. Yet in the chapel pure white this day the gods of fate would leave our lovers set to find their way with perfect form of makings pure, to gently send the winds of fate beyond a simple book of spells, and soon the lovely bride would be the host for love beyond her own. 

The soft white pillow felt it first, the swaying of her head as she began to awake the day. Her eyes popped open and the world swept up to greet her happily. Quickly rising out of bed she stretched her arms out wide with the brightest smile, bouncing around her room as if a fairy trying to fly, for today she would be married. From times not all so long ago where our two lovers met, their love had grown so sweet she pondered what the day would be with whimsical excitement. Not up so early as to expect a knock, when she heard it she wondered just who it could be. The open door would reveal her cousin, rich with a mischievous grin. 'I stole these from the prince's brother.' She said as she rushed through the door. 'They're blueberries, brighter than any I've seen. Have you tried them? I also brought wine.' The princess would laugh as she closed her rooms door. 'Hurry up then, lets see if they're as good as you say.' Both girls giddy with a sense of celebration, they sat and drank wine and ate blueberries. Chirping as loudly as the birds outside, about the prince, the kingdom, his people, his brother, the day full of love and the wedding ahead. I mention his brother all due to the fact that his part in this story was uniquely beheld. While her cousin was the makings of a princess all herself, in a castle not so clear to see so early in a story.

In dreams of plans laid long ago by forces of fates making, the day ahead would have our princess be both bride and cupids arrow. 'First things first.' She beamed with excitement, 'I got you a thing. Come see it.' With a skip across the room she placed the book down by her cousin who looked quite surprised by the gift. 'It's a book of spells.' She whispered, 'It's bound unto its owner.' The magic of this book came from a place so long ago, it took a thousand years to find it in the caves beneath the sea. 'For me?' Her cousin hesitated, 'Im not so sure your majesty.' As right then through the window came a gust of wind that blew it open to the page fate had decided. 'A Love Spell.' It read, with all the details underneath. The princess was to appreciate the meaning of such things, and her eyes danced merrily with play as she ventured forth her begging question. 'For who is he?' She asked in saintly wonder of her cousin. 'Surely there's a boy to which the fates want you to bind.' With a giggle she spoke of a boy she met while walking the gardens of the castle. 'A name, I need a name!' She burst out, taking a large sip of wine. 'I didn't catch his name.' She replied, giving way to their disappointment. Upon their study of the spell they'd find that it could not be cast without it. And so with the whimsy of wedding days hence, they descended the stairs to the castle below and all the things waiting in breath to unfold on our princess's perfect day. 

On the other side of the castle the prince sat quietly eating an apple, as his little brother pondered what to wear for the occasion. 'It's easy for you brother. White robes are white robes. I must look good, the girls that wanted you now all want me.' He said. 'They will not want you brother, if you love yourself so much.' He threw the apple at him. 'Ive seen your love go girl to girl like a circus travels town to town.' His brother laughed, 'One day I resolve to be as in love as my brother is. Until that day, may it choose to wait, I'll take what I can get.' He said, with a wink and smile and confidence worn upon his royal shoulders like a prince with not a care in sight. His charm would be the makings of the tryst we'd soon see form, but not before this love was tested more than any spell cast could. 

'If you tilt it to the side a little it looks better.' She slid her hand up to guide the small gold broach that would shine through the princess' hair until it hit the light and basked like shine on blonde. Such an adornment had never been seen, yet she wore it like its presence deserved.

''How does it look?' Asked the princess concerned, her cousin replying in turn with words to reach and find her smile. 'It's perfect. Such a glow your majesty.' And with those words the two would bring their brightness happily out the door and down the stairs to the kingdom below, where what lay in waiting would soon be found, her cousin thrust into the fray of love between her eyes for one, to meet her next and last she'd know, but not before a binding test to find her place upon his throne. 'I know you stole my blueberries." Said the prince to the cousin of the bride. "I woke up to an empty stomach. What say you? Do you deny it?" She grinned and retorted, "your room is right next to mine and you leave your door open. You should really blame yourself.

"The blueberries gone, he smiled. "Well, you owe me now. And there's a feast tonight, I heard you have good wine."

Then I'm sure you'll have yourself plenty." Said the girl, before spinning and prancing out of the room.

She made way through the castle looking for the bride she'd lost while seeing an hour to her mothers corset, and picking up a flower all too pink and purple, she was suddenly pressed up against the wall. "Excuse me, im so sorry!" He exclaimed as he removed his hand quickly from her waist. "Get it through," he said quickly, "to the right! It won't fit like that." He said flustered. The men carrying a chest full of some type of riches struggled through the tight doorway full of purple and pink and white dove flowers all glittering the walls of the hallway. The boy stood awkwardly in front of the girl steadying his hand up against the wall behind her, too close not to know they were too close. It was the very same boy from the garden.

The girl looked beyond surprised and tried to settle herself, reaching her hand up to guide her hair back over her ear she smiled nervously. "It's okay. What in heavens is that?" She asked gesturing towards the chest. "Is that your gift?"

Mine?" The boy tried not to laugh, but instead gave way to another smile. "No your majesty. I'm just getting it to the king." He said, bowing his head just slightly. "I have neither the chest nor the riches." He smiled softly, "I think this one came from the North." 

Your majesty?" She replied. "I am not royalty," said the girl. 

"You are the cousin of the princess." Said the boy in return. "You may not have a crown. But I can clearly see you are royalty." He continued. "You can clearly see?" The girl looked offended, "and how is that?"

On a wedding day such as today, your royalty is seen in your clothes," he paused, "and in your beauty any other," he ventured forth with a thought that came straight with it. 

Such a line from such a man was a step too far in normal terms, and upon the moment realised, he took a step back from the girl in our story, and suddenly looked as awkward as a swan amongst ducks, spinning his head away and gesturing for the men to sneak past. They tried, but again, in hallways too tight he felt another bump which sent him back into the girl, this time with her grasp firmly on his shoulder bracing for their contact. She leant back to hit the wall again and her smile took his flustered eyes down to meet hers. Both holding breath as their meeting of soul in a moment of clumsy whimsy fought hard for a chance at fate.

The men careered the chest past the couple still holding place far away from the hallway and castle. A place only kept with and both lost in mind of futures pondered, all playing out in an instant. And some say they were strangely close in thought of what could be in minds allowed to wonder, not such a sentiment of wander in hands unfolding, they stood naked and still in form yet to come, innocent to be believed without such sight to know. Without such lust outside of love, but rather inside hope with both eyes inside each. She thought of taking his hand right there and then, but before she could he stepped back again, "My apologies." He said still hiding his wings, flapping wildly behind his eyes. "My men. They don't know their frame." He spoke. 

"Your men," she repeated. "What is your station?" She asked without hiding her interest. 

"I am the house, in order." He returned. "I keep everything as needed for our king to spend his virtue elsewhere." Said the boy.

Such a place may hold you well?" She asked, "such royalty in task I wonder," she smiled cleverly, "you may be just as royal as me."

I'm not so sure of such," he replied bowing slightly.

Where's it going!?" Said one of the men on the chest, clearly struggling with its weight. The boy turned from the girl a moment, "The same place as all the rest." He said firmly. Looking back at the girl he regretted his words, "I better keep going." He said before leaving their fantasy for a chest of far less worth. The moment was over and she watched him walk away, noticing him start to turn his head back before changing sentiment to purpose and continuing out the other side of the hall. She smiled to herself, now alone in the hall with no company more than a pink and purple flower to watch the dazzle turn to bliss, to be recieved in spritely bounce by a princess dressed in perfect white and the whispered words, "the wine, it's strong!" She claimed with the brightest smile.

Wait!"

The words burst out of her mouth with importance but it was too late. The boy was gone. The princess now through the doorway and by her side, "what happening is this?" She asked amused, looking down the empty hallway then back at her cousin. They exchanged looks and her cousin beamed with the brightest glow to match our bride. "The boy from the garden, he's here." She said remembering the moment like one held of old, with royalty of sentiment in minutes just passed. The bride returned her excitement and grabbed her hand, "his name!?" She said with a devilish grin, giving way to her cousins disappointment. "I didn't catch his name," the words escaped her lips with the burden of such, yet with eyes laced with hints of the hope it would arrive within the day. "We," she paused, "He, he held up to me." She said grinning. "His eyes, they shone like fire," she exclaimed excited.

"My gosh, you're blushing." Said the princess as she took her hand above as if leading her cousin in a dance. She spun around accordingly and the two laughed again. "Come. There's more to do. We will find him later." She said clutching at her cousins hand, leading her out into the courtyard where the prince and his brother stood waiting.

In thoughts so genuine and true in the moment, the sentiment of the day would recieve each request, and in the hours to pass came the gifts that would be sent in turn to the people. A tradition kept for the arrangement of days where the white is much whiter and the dark to a shadow, they took each one and where stood, it was found. And then came great ceremonies all soon lost from a kiss to a feast in a hall where it fit like every boy with a gaze, every girl with a smile, the wedding day unfolded and the night came with it sweetness in the air of all delights and love both formed and new, so light a smile into dazzled meetings the cousin had her third and this time three was one too many. But not in the way you'd think.

"A step too far, and many if you dare ask me to dance," said the boy.

The bride turned instantly, a smile golden pure such to see her cousin laid to bare the moment the boy arrived, turning back she returned the moment light, "Just know she's wild." Words to find true place to match his formal smile in time, yet beside their first thought both now in the throws of it, she offered the first in turn. "Your majesty," she gathered enough to joke to the boy in his suit. He looked uncomfortable, but did his best and each moment timed to slow eventually. "You look very nice." He spoke, reaching out his hand. Taken, he raised it gently then let go as still the custom held. "I'm also wild." He gained some wit and two found a smile as it began neverending. They sat and talked, and as it turns out there was now two alone in a tower in a hall full of people, moreso than even the prince or the princess on show, and neverending could end right there. But I promised a story so we'll make it a good one, right then came disaster in the form of a love not so wrong to never see it, but in timing less in mind to such a young prince. While it all went pretty swimmingly it went down like this. "A moment." Said the prince, the boy acknowledging him quickly, leaving a formal nod and a smiles chance to find away to a drink. The two spoke. He felt in love, and all the moments deep into their lives together he found so many taken back to such this moment in the hall. The encounter was brief and they exchanged words, the boy making known and the prince making way such not to ruin any stories made of white. The couple met again, and no books or spells were needed. And while to both it seemed inevitable at first, and eventually at last. Whether wrong for the mood in any old book would be plenty in the after with not a single spell cast nor held, said twice just to marry its worth. The men parted ways, and the cousin would stay for the night by the side of the boy in the garden.

But still before such beauty there was more to play, our lovers married, drunk on all things perfect they both reached our pair to meet him. 

"She chooses such wine." Said the princess and her widest smile. "And what would be your name, good sir?"

The prince already knew, and introduced him as deserved, the two were friends on regular days spent in the castle many years. And so the four would speak on many things, the cousin all of Dreamland and the boy all full of Cloudland, our lovers wings to help them find there own. And in the end I think they were somewhere near the perfect place to be. The stars in eyes of our lovers bound to glory of kingdom and powers both seen and unseen, these two simply held hands, making jokes to make the whole world smile, all the way to all the places away both quiet and loud, for always and at all the best, as long as they could ever want or have wanted. Their kingdom spanned much smaller, but their eyes felt just the same, and as the moon looked down in the garden where they met, they kissed and made bliss while our lovers looked on, and a word more would waste what so pretty witheld could believe to be seen, on our princess' perfect day.

Magic City

He held out his hand as an offering, and as such the princess held hers out in return. The man was ernest as he bowed his head in respect. Curious she found it as he knew nothing of her status or crown. She was but a welcome traveller in a city known to be so mysterious she had ventured over the sands north of Cloudland to see it in all its wonder. The prince would bow his head accordingly and through the city gates they stepped. Unbeknownst to the princess, the prince had a very good reason for the weeks spent on this journey. For in this place of magic there lay far beyond the simple nature of a world that sits with rock and stone and hardwood floors. The meaning of his journey in its infancy was curious, but grand among the nature of what it soon would come to be. He had heard a great many things about the city they lay pretty in. A couple on their first departure from comfort, stature, kings and queens. Here they were but simple folk with nothing more than a tourists eye. Yet in this magic wonder of a place they yet knew not to know, they'd come to make a marriage of a different kind among the stars and through it gain a power none had yet to witness found.

A red ruby amulet sat in a small brown chest with soft red felt, on the carpet floor in the corner out the back of an important mans temple. It held majesty yet locked, to which our prince was to attempt his fate, and chase the myth his father preached one night while drunk and wild. But for now our couple walked hand in hand through the busy markets and its many amusements. There was a man mixing a pot of something hot on a fire, his long hair sweating down past his shoulders as he stood over it. Behind him was a doorway to a tent with its entry littered with jewellery. The princess pulled on the prince's arm. "Come on. Let's see." She said, as they met him. "Can we please look?" She asked the man as he looked at her and smiled warmly.

"My dear," he said motioning his arm. "It's all there for you to see." He said before turning back to the pot. The two of the them walked slowly through the archway of the tent admiring the bracelets and necklaces hanging on each wall. It would not be long until one caught her eye. "How much for this?" The princess would ask.

The man stopped stirring and he made his way over. "If I may." He spoke softly looking the princess in the eye and reaching his hand out taking the bracelet from her. He looked at it closely, a small bright blue diamond blended with silver and carvings of ivory pieces that suited this arid land. The man looked back up at her. "For you my dear, I might be willing to trade." He said with a hint of knowing.

The princess smiled. "A trade? What could we possibly have that matches such beauty?" She offered. The man smiled, "my dear, such beauty is sought always, yet such destiny can only find a way." He replied with a look she couldn't escape. The prince stood by her side, and hearing the words tempted his pocket for a coin not known by many, engraved with the sign of a very great man. This simple gold coin marked with a warriors glory would facilitate the princess' new piece of wonder. And while not worth a coin of such, the piece the princess pondered held a magic all its own, yet to make itself a part of stories held below the ones we like to tell, of love or riches wealth to bold a tradegy was to unfold, like magic city held to black. But thats not where our princess stood, and in the moment such a trade would carry her wrist to a beauty rarely seen. As the two men made the exchange a murder of crows flew over the scene as if to warn of a grand events opposite, turning fate to the next that would unfold, taking more than a princess' eyes, and less, a kingdoms soul. For all magic comes at a price, and this would be no different. "Be careful." And he knew to. Carving his initials in the western rose tree behind the little cottage in the eastern city. He brushed away the excess wood and blew on it as he patted the tree looking up at its branches. "It's full of love." He said in response, before returning to the princess once the food on the stove was ready. "Beautiful sky tonight." He continued, "This place really is magic."

The princess smiled and held her bracelet up at him, shaking it.

"I know," she said "I can't wait to see the waterfall. I swear I wanted that lion."

Two lines that rarely follow eachother reached a smile from the pair and he responded in turn, "We could try and steal her on the way back." He said as they laughed.

"The black ones just look so different." The princess beamed. 

"I know." He replied as they began eating.

There was a knock at the door. The prince without a need for much concern rose quickly, while the princess looked on in wonder.

A man stood in the doorway, tall with a grand hat that looked somewhat out of place, and with a bow and a curtsy he spoke, "Good evening. I have a barrel of rabbits. Can I interest you in three?"

The prince looked at the princess with bewilderment. "You want a rabbit?" He said with a chuckle.

The princess raised her lips up and shrugged. "I don't know."

"They alive?" Asked the prince, trying to sneak a look at the contents of the barrel in the cart behind him. 

Tut, tut, tut." Said the man, moving to block his view. "What color?" He asked.

The prince didn't quite know what to think and started laughing.

"Um..." He began.

"White it is." Replied the man, keeping his eyes fixed on our prince he pulled out a white rabbit, "Ah ha." He thrust it into the hand of his latest customer. "That's five." He said, the princess now smiling at the odd interaction. The prince confused, reached in and pulled from his pocket the coin for the rabbit, as the man tipped his hat and patted his shoulder. With a loud and amused cackle he laughed to the next house down the road. The prince looked at the princess, "I think he just did a magic trick." He said puzzled, scratching his head. The princess laughed again.

"At least we got a rabbit now." She said with a serendipitous shrug. "Come eat. Bring the rabbit." She said jokingly.

The prince took one last look at the man in the strange hat selling the next to the next and closed the door again. He looked at the rabbit and the rabbit looked at him. The prince shrugged, "Come eat." He said, taking their new friend to the table for a warm meal and some lettuce.

The next day the sun came up earlier than usual and our two lovers would walk down the street with an eye in view of a grand sand castle. It hung high on the hills of the city, somewhat simple in style, it was its size that amazed, built over decades, through both drought and lush, it spanned a beautiful yellow and tan. They would head here and find such beauty mixed with magic it was always sought to take your time through the gardens at the gate, as they held such strange amazement, plants of different colours and textures, creatures small and curious bounding the edges of the path they walked. Pretty soon they'd meet him. The man the prince had come to see. "A man to amaze, or amazed in a man?" Came the question from behind them, and there stood a man with the widest of smiles. "Life is good, no?" He said, and the pair smiled back with a nod to the greeting. "You're here to see a man I'd say, such treasure to amaze, he is the man." He pointed up the stairs to the pillars that stood out the front of the castle above.

Not such in a dream as to offer a thought, the prince pulled her hand and they walked up the stairs. There stood a line and the back they would join, free to talk amongst themselves the prince decided to tell her. "This man has something my father told can do just about anything you need it to do" He said quietly, "and only if he sees you can you even offer a chance or a price. For if you are not worthy to claim let it touch you and you may go wild. He told me one night. He saw it to choose and it sparkled invited, but the king didn't take it for fear of his land."

The princess stood fearful, "you're telling me now? What a thought, what a plan is to doubt such want?"

"I am not here to take it, I am here just to talk. My father I saw, it spent time in his mind."

It was not close or quelled or anything similar, neither to say a lot more. They stood in line until they came to arrive and before them stood a beautiful man. He looked upon the prince and princess and his eyes told of great truth. "Welcome," he said, "May I offer you a question?"

The prince stood a moment and he pondered what to ask.

"I've come to hear your thoughts on a kings refusal." He told the man.

He looked at the prince curiously, "a kings refusal." He pondered like a riddle. "And you must be the son." He said as he smiled at the princess.

"Do you want to see it?"

The prince and the princess looked at eachother, a worried look to a certain eye. "I know I have to see it." He said, "and after that, I don't know."

"Okay." She replied, and the man was to hear. He opened the small chest and from cloaked black silk pulled a large red ruby amulet out into the days light. It took not a second before shining red like a glow to a furnace on the ripest ruby ever seen in a gaze.

The prince knew instantly and all fear fell away, it was as though it had spoken yet only to him. "What a man has touched it as you? As to dare with a price what's to make of its place of worth?" Said the prince.

"Wait!" Said the princess, "you cannot do a thing."

"I can feel it like my own, there's something in it, true forged. I think my father knew as now, so do I." he asked the man, "What of its worth to you?" 

His reply came upon such contemplation of a full life indeed, "Can I tell you how it found me, in all this." He gestured around him. "I used to be on the ship that went from the western belt to Erithia every season. One day it rose up on shore near my lighthouse, the very next day I was to sail again. I knew when I saw it somehow just to know, I'd take it back to the islands west and continue on, to be here now, with every hand a welcome fortune, until the day a man would come and take it from me. Now here you stand, oh shall we see if it's you?" He eyes dazzled with excitement and the prince felt a sudden unnerving. He looked at his princess and she looked at him, then in her face knew enough and he would choose just the same.

"A do not need a red ruby amulet, more I take a chance at lost." He said amidst a princess fairy colored dream of magic rainbow wonder. "I need it not." He spoke into the air. And such a shine it red like summer in a bed of roses liking all the sun to daze. And that's when it chose him, madness left for gladdened days among praise from the beautiful man, as he jumped and danced and cried out in joy.

And that was the end of that.

Dreamland Rainbow Mist

Such a glow from a falling star to overlook a moment in the summer of a dream once held achieved by nothing short of unrelenting force of want arriving at its destination. He looked over the cliffs edge and the majesty of the water raging off to fall so elegantly down into the river yet to rage again then calm itself below to stream down further, all to find the banks of which each creature ventured unaware of all the time it took to fill their want for life from mountains high with peaks that tempted clouds to form to rain down that life like it was something so expected that it's grandeur mostly went unnoticed. There he stood alone atop the entry to its fall and as he looked upon the view he'd waited centuries to see he knew this moment would be worth it, and it did not disappoint. A wanderer, explorer, nomad, many names he had been called, yet purpose had him know himself to be not such or more than one man willing to leave everything behind to find this place so far from home it made the moment almost lack the image held in mind. Glorious as God to touch and see and hear the water rage, his journey had been perilous for such a sight he knew could only satisfy his mind for only all the time it took to take it in for meanings sake. Never a philosopher but more a man like any man, his reasons hidden all from every stranger met along the journey. Kept all to himself for such a reason made his promise kept to leave out any reason to explain himself in madness such to leave a castle soaring high to which he held a claim to simply sit upon a rock amidst a place he did not even know. No treasure found inside the cave behind the mist of water forming crashing at the bottom, nor a fame of glory waiting at the top of this great peak, for this man's reasons never reached the ears of any man outside his mind he sat and listened to every sound the wild offered, as itself to his ears he came to know nothing more than what he already knew.

A Kings Legacy

The knife dug in hard. His bottom rib felt it as it pierced through the skin, the flesh, the bone. Through his back, as all strikes of such a kind, it hit and he reeled back in agony. No promise of kingdoms, no grace of power, no dream of unity, just a blade in the night to a king that didn't deserve it.

"You, are, my son!" Said the old man in despair and disbelief.

"Father. You should have chose me."

The oldest story told in kingdoms gone to such the winds of men that take as though to do so makes men of equal stature, owned to that which made them see to start. No princess in sight, the night would be cold, as in such grief of betrayal sold, this man would question everything in the moment of his death. Such cowards to a story sold, we make it known no question asked to which this son did claim his find of kingdoms which in time made sense to his own death, his father's death would own and bind a place for his son yet to take, among the things that really shouldn't be, yet must.

This story feels dark and such a darkness should be known in places everything seems darker than a lie in stories told, we tell it true like all the men and women bound to find a place to leave such treacherous sentiments in which we do not bind your knowing, such to avoid the place we know to teach you not to go. And in stories ever fading dark like night we find it purposeful to mean the words when said aloud, do not take it for granted, for everything in grace and love and prosper can be taken. By will of men not good enough or good enough to speak it loud, like words of such worth the sound of treachery amiss unfolding, venture to beware your nature, and in your view of each yourself be known a virtue or be gone to death like kings that never mattered.

There lay three men, seperate yet equal in their stature, void of sentiment of worth for those eyes watching such a story unfold, we knew. And so they chose a fate known, other to be than anyone with a power you choose to ignore. For safety comes in mind, and until such a blade in the front takes worth of yours, these three would choose their own, upon a throne not known to see through such weak and small interpretations, they planned and they schemed. With nothing more than the notion that indeed they mattered, even at least to themselves, and every ounce of worth made them think it was true. For these three would place themselves outside of worth, for the sake of nature, unworth to its own word. The king smiled.

"Son, you know not what you do."

"I have the general and his men. It's mine."

"You're a fool. You've always been a fool." Said the king, before his eyes closed desperately waiting for his end and its meaning to hit, falling into the place we knew and saw, without words, without a desperate claim for more, he fell into darkness, as all deaths do.

What came next is born of fractions lost to a sentiment gone over the other, our prince would try as best he could much later, but for now was faced with two of the three men, his brother riding west to the fields for two days, plans in hence of kings to return once his two men lay their story bold. 

"The king is dead." He said to our prince, "your father, he was stabbed in the night." Said the man.

Two days earlier they'd sat and conspired in a room where no echo left the chamber full of secrets. So there lay no whispered word, nor warning bold to quell the knife from the king. They told their story and the prince king listened. Tears matched the anger as he came to look on his father at rest. "Every man in the castle to the hall. Now." He said fiercely, knowing each the two he spoke direction with no eyes to see, the conspiracy would soon unravel all for two of three, in a kingdom soon to boldly claim each a kings return for at least the length of an execution, or two.

"To place us even, this moment not be found. The king is dead. I will find you." Said the prince king to every man in the great hall. "And to each hand that cast a movement I will cut your life from you. Each moment now your last. It was someone in this room." He said nothing else, and began to walk towards a line of men, up close the two, his brothers consorts. He spoke to the next in the chain of command, a small group of close hands to the king before his death. He looked at the first one, "Do you speak in conspiracy, or know a phrase yet spoke?" He asked loudly and sharp to the breath. The man shook his head veremently, "No your majesty! I saw your father at his table candles half burnt my lord, I saw not a thing more than our king deep in thought."

The prince king was not satisfied and his eyes told it fast and menacing as he moved in close and spoke intimately to the man. "If your eyes don't tell me, I will cut the next to find it. Whatever finds you, can be found and taken. Tell me. Who was close last night?"

The man thought in fear, such a prince to beauty on the street signs, posts and thoughts of many both in Cloudland, Dreamland, and much further reaches, but quiet whispers held much the other side. A wildness in kill when necessary, he was also a warrior and many quietly claimed a crazy late in taverns of a prince's eye. 

"I saw two men and quiet conversation, out near the courtyard, but no words did I hear or deception I know. I swear it, I can tell you who."

The prince held bated breath and before he lost enough to scream it the man spoke two names.

Once heard, he raged quickly down the row, a trust in enthusiasm for the blade on his side, he held it with a wild grip and eyes forward took on the first name. "You speak so quietly in our castle, one as to keep peace on a summers night? What lay so secretly in your mind," he waited before his offer of, "Tell me."

The man was known to the prince as a keeper of the house performing many duties. He looked scared and down and away searching his mind to respond.

We saw a girl coming out of your brothers room, clothes tattered and ruffled my lord. I swear it was a joke."

It would have been enough if not for the ways his eyes veered to his right to something in his mind just after he spoke the words. 'It was enough' thought the prince, he pulled his blade fast and reached his left arm up holding the man's shoulder, and dug the knife deep into his other. It bled deep and red blushed over the floor as the surrounding men stepped back arms wide. The blow was not to kill him, currently the man would hurt, then heal, then carry on with his life, a future now dependant on his next response, but for now the blood poured out and the man cried out in pain. "You have more. What is it!?" Said the prince king.

The man did not hesitate as his eyes reached the same place yet again. "I saw them talking outside the entrance to the east wing, my lord."

"Who!?" Cried the prince.

He pointed to the only two men bold enough to stand on the prince's side of the interrogation, and the prince realised. He leaned in close to the man, again his hand on his shoulder, this time genuinely, in close he spoke quietly, "Your wound will heal, it is flesh, do not tread carefully," he warned, "Tell me. Your place is not lost."

He nodded at the man and he spoke.

"They mentioned the cabin out by the lake, as though it was to be. I know that would never happen, would it?"

A place one owns to be such held for more than a simple home in place of heart and meaning memory and love. To think to own what the princess cherished was a slight unto itself, yet heard between each line was not the slight, but audacity to thought the claim, and situations bound to make them. And again, it was enough.

He made his way to them.

This time he didn't stop and paced his walk to reach up and grab the first man's throat, charging him back towards the wall step by step fast. The first thing he noticed was the other man's slight reach to his sword out of fear, and the second was the time it took for the man being thrown back to consider taking action. Again, it was enough, and when he hit the wall the prince leaned in close with fury, "Why!?" He screamed. "Why!?" He screamed again, his rage now fierce this time to his blade a kill. The men knew both ways it seemed fraught but like most would decide to stay true to false claim. "I know not of this." He cried, but the prince king had none of it, he raised his blade up again to reach his throat.</p><p dir="auto">"You think I don't know." Said the prince. "No innocent man thinks to blade on a king, you don't know your own eyes," he continued.

The man again revealed a mix beyond fear like contempt, and now the prince would lose control and kill his chance to avoid much later tragedy. "You killed my father. Say it!" He screamed at the man, and after a brief moment between eyes of enemies he revealed it true. "I didn't do a thing." He said, but his voice was plenty and the moment took our prince to a place to find his blade with a deafening scream as he launched it into the neck of the man. Throwing in hard and reefing it out just as quick. The man fell straight to the floor and standing over him he quickly turned to face the next, his hand trembling on the skirt of his sword looking around the room as if to find a window to escape. "You!" He cried aloud. "You kill our king?" He stepped forward and with a fierce tongue and step to match he brought the room full of people into the mind of the man as he lay standing before them. "You kill our king?" He asked again, motioning around the room with his hand. "You want to kill another?" He asked eyes down, yet up at the man. "You better speak man."

He didn't say a word, buy revealed sword sharp and ran towards the door. The swords among made him quickly cease his ambition for freedom and the chains held his wrists as the prince stood before him.

"Tell me why this happened and who is behind it." Commanded the prince king.

The man addressed his rehersal and the fear delivered careful lies told perfectly. The prince was to believe the new king of the east was to wage war and this was the first act, to kill their king of Cloudland grace.

"There will be no justice for you." Said the man that held his chains as they walked to the dungeons. "I swear he will kill you at sunrise."

The man in his cell with hours to spare was on the road east before sunrise took hold, the keeper of an underground giving keys to seperate hands many days before. He would ride to the north and almost make it, but a bear in the woods is a bear in the woods and he found his end without a prince nor a blade. Leaving a brother to return to the scene.

"Father. How could this be?" He stated in what seemed like disbelief.

Both men stood in the dining hall around their family table.

"The east are attacking." Said the prince.

"We must face them." The brother did not waste time nor breath and replied, "We must wage war."

Both brothers stood opposite a table full of memories between them.

"Kill this one too." Said his brother, eager for the fray.

But in brothers held in certain both the best is to be seen in slight of all the things held back from eyes within a world unfolding, and so our prince would look upon him, held in force of two of family, with nothing gained from a betrayal sown yet with more dread daring to come. His brother stayed at his side.

That night in darkened sky the statue standing high above the kingdom bled, it's eyes betrayed was only seen by a lady sailing the morning at sunrise. Its said its when the boys were drinking rum upon his throne the brother took the seat, a king allowed and the monolith of Cloudlands entry bled from its eyes. A father's goodbye, an omen, a memory, oh what but the loss of a father or son. Ironic fates kept the prince king from knowing such a lady with a rare fate never making it known. Much later his brother would make attempt on the throne, and through the fates of stories told he'd see his father again, but not for some time.

A Rock To A King

A rock bounced through the grass towards a giant oak tree on the top of a hill. Something so innocuous it would probably seem unimportant. But this rock had more purpose than an average rock you see. This rock would be the saviour of a kingdom known as Dreamland. It sat next to the giant oak for many many years, and the closest it ever got to any real action was the time a native boy sat down at the tree to eat a bright red apple. He tried to kick our rock but missed, then simply continued walking. So there it sat until one day two men were to arrive. 'Just up here.' The oak tree heard, as two men climbed the hill. 'Ive searched the lands and this is it. The place ill build my home. The lands are vast and fertile we shall settle here at once.' It wasn't long til the whole forest heard as the oak spun the tale to the vines through its roots. People were coming. Soon the rock would lose his companion for the sake of a beautiful door, for when the men arrived again they came with an axe to cut the oak tree down. The rock survived by doing what a rock does, which isn't much if you think about it. Until one day the same man's son walked up the hill to examine the view. 'I don't know why we have to stay here.' He said as he walked by himself with his head down. 'I hate this place. I want to go home!' It was then he saw our rock. He picked it up and let his anger out, throwing it as far as he could. It bounced off the first patch of dirt, and back through the air it went. Then it bounced again off a boulder sending the rock a little further. It bounced a few more times before like all rocks do, it came to rest. Funnily enough for our hero the rock, it landed next to a wild tomato patch. It wasn't as long as the oak tree ordeal until a fair maiden chasing a rabbit through the woods came upon the patch of vegetables. Her pet rabbit munching on his first tomato, she knelt down and started to pick some herself. The rock sat there quietly, as rocks often do, as a crow flew its way into myths never told. His wings out wide and claws forward, it was the unprovoked nature of it that even we ponder, as the bird swooped the girl, before hovering above her fluttering wildly and squawking like murder. She fell onto her side and glancing down she saw the rock. She grabbed it quick, and threw it hard. The crow danced around it as the rock gave its best attempt, but flying straight past it the girl was on her own. It's next neighbourhood wasnt really any more civilised. It hit the dirt on the road into town. Somehow though it would keep its composure, as foot after foot took its shot over the years. It would travel down the road kick by kick until it lay only a mile from the city gates. The kingdom had slowly built itself up over time. Going from little more than two men on a hill, to a vast landscape of people and houses, all living in a place called Dreamland. For many more years the rock just sat there, next to a bush by the side of the road. The thing about this rock is that it's the perfect size to kick or throw or hold in hand, so when the boy saw it as he wandered down the road, his sense of play had him pick it up and carry it for a while. Throwing it up and catching it as he walked towards the city gates. 'I bet I can hit a squirrel.' He said to his friend. 'No way. Squirrels are way smart. My mum said they tell eachother when wolves are roaming the forest.' The rock knew nothing of these things, but it seemed content just flying up into the air and coming back down again. The boy eventually gripping it tight and yelling, 'For Dreamland!' as he threw it as far as he could down the road. The man nor the rock saw it coming. They collided badly and the man went down. The rock landing next to him in the dirt. A moment later the boys arrived. 'Is he dead?' The first one asked. The culprit took a long look at the man laid lifeless in the dirt, then eyes wide he yelled again, 'Run!' The boys took off and left the rock to deal with the situation. It didn't have to do much, in fact it did nothing. The man eventually came to, and rose to his feet holding the wound on his head. With a very confused look on his face, he picked up his hat and walked off down the road. It's worth mentioning he invented sciccors, but for the rest of his life he could only remember the second half of every day. The rock was alone in the middle of the road and there it stayed for a while. The small patch of red slowly turned brown and then disappeared completely. Then one day a carriage made its way down the road, drawn by two horses. The horseshoe dug into the rock and flicked it hard. It flew up into the bottom of the carriage and by a fluke of chance, got stuck in a groove. There it stayed as the horses trotted purposely towards the city gates. 'Halt!' A voice yelled loud. The horses slowly came to a stop and a uniformed man stepped forward. 'What is your business here?' He asked. 'I carry a prince from Erithia.' The driver replied. 'He seeks an audience with the king.' The man let them through the gates as the rock gripped tightly to two bits of wood. It wasn't so much uncomfortable as it was more simply stuck. Until the horse was startled by a drunkard stumbling wildly down the street. It reared up violently and when it did it jolted the carriage and our rock dislodged to find its freedom, falling to hit the stone paving underneath. 'Watch where you're going.' The drunkard yelled at the horse. 'Who leaves a horse in the middle of the road?. If i was king...' The man continued muttering to himself as he stumbled out of sight. Eventually the horses were quartered leaving the rock with no cover in the middle of the street. As the day went on, it had never seen such commotion. People rushed up and down the street towards whatever business they lay involved in. Here is where, into the story, comes two lovers quarrelling as they traversed the main street of Dreamland, right towards our rock and its destiny. 'I swear I've never even met her before.' The boy explained. 'I don't believe you. I saw the way she looked at you.' She girl responded. 'I swear my love I swear.' he said before stepping out in front of her, walking backwards down the road. 'If I'm lying may fate strike me down.' Unfortunate words for a man about to trip on our rock, as he stumbled and fell to the ground, sending the rock to land at the feet of the girl like magic from the gods themselves. She smiled with satisfaction and picked up the rock as he collected himself. 'I will not marry a liar!' She said as she marched onwards. 'Seems I now have a rock from the gods themselves. Maybe I should throw it at you.' She gestured as if she was going to, as the boy tried to shield himself with his hands. She held onto the rock as she walked past him. 'I'm going home.' She said throwing it into the air and catching it. She walked off with the rock in hand towards her home on the east side of town. It began to get dark as she walked alone through the streets. The bustling nature of the city now replaced with closed doors and quiet. 'Hey girl.' The voice sounded out behind her. She turned to see a man in dark robes approaching her. 'Stay back.' She said in fear. 'Girl I want to speak to you.' He approached her faster. 'I don't know you.' The girl said beginning to walk as quickly as she could. 'Wait!' The man repeated as he got within arms reach. The girl swung around with a firm grip on our rock and swung wildly at him. Our rock hit his temple hard and he immediately dropped to his knees. She swung again hitting him twice in the same spot. He fell to the ground unconscious, and as he did, from his hands fell a little notebook no bigger than the palm of his hand. The girl bent down shaking and picked it up. Opening it she found each page was full of portrait drawings of people in the street. The moment she realised she had made a mistake, she panicked and ran from the scene. Our rock went with her and they both ran as fast as they could back home. Closing the door of her room, she still had it firmly in hand. She looked out her window and then at the rock. 'Oh I shall never tell anyone.' She said throwing it from the second story into the alleyway below. The rock had been through a lot over the years, but it would come to have one more role to play in the affairs of kings. For this alleyway would be the venue of a meeting yet to come. Where our rock would do what a rock does best, which isn't much if you think about it.

The Black Dragon

It was the greatest story ever told in a kingdom full of stories. Not so great in depth or wisdom, philosophy be damned. It held above it so much interest. The dragon. The beast we know to be the greatest of them all, above the lion, tiger, bear and all the stars we know. Exception made of unicorns of which to be found may lay so beautiful, yet slight so meek for such to see a glory left to bind a legend. Such a treasure not deserved in worlds with dragons guarding gold. And so it goes the words were written, tales of a binding tryst, not so inclined to pander to the light in which we live to hope within. Among the grace upheld and hidden deep beneath the knives, that don't just kill our kings, but such a blade can carry with it sentiment of glory lost to face a beast so strong that no one could just kill it quick.

The story breaks the surface but with roots all hidden deep below to save adventure under light for something more exciting, yet when it does it must first begin. So again we tempt the hands of fate to bring us forth the story true. Many men have tried and failed, miserably at best like all the poems written simple like a man with hand to chest. I promise that the gods reveal it happened all the way we say and if that treasure never finds its home it's all for you to take. Bury it like pirates do, to find it later never sought, by those that know enough to think it might have happened just the way this man attests.

First there was a dragon storing gold for reasons all unknown. When tempted with the question why, the beast itself could not reveal. Logic lost among the acts of beasts we do not know to see. Myth and legend marrying the state of things to simply be and all of this would marry up the things we only wonder, for the state of greed could only be a question asked for such a beast. A dragon has no need for such a thing as gold or treasure, so maybe it's the need for someone else to come like greed itself, it's possible it simply guards the thoughts of men that make the claim. Storing that which might be needed, wanted, such a shine to find. To have the things so pretty held like endless love and riches, fame and glory, truth and wisdom, all the things above we hope to know, was cause below what brought our prince to seek this dragon's life to claim amidst the treasure not so coveted to own.

''It's lair is beyond the peak, the other side, leading down into the hollow forest.' His finger pointing to a mountain peak so high it seemed a dragons worth. The prince stood a moment, troubled in the eye of such a venture forced. 'The black dragon has never left a man alive. It's an easy road back to kingdoms all your own.' Said the man. The prince held the moment, then met the man's eye in depth. 'It has something of mine. Take me as far you need, then make your way to home and safety.' The man nodded. 'As you wish your majesty.' The two began down the road to the base of a mountain yet unnamed, in quest of a treasure no normal man would seek delivered. Of all the dragons known to man in Dreamland and beyond, the color black meant known to be the fiercest of them all. Yet for this prince he held a pledge attached to what was taken, and was willing in a venture that would likely take his life. For there lay treasures bound to fate and meaning all above such gold that still sought high to covet true, this prince would face his dragon bold, with worth alone to him.

The horse could go no further as the man took rein and led away from our young prince, his best friend. The passage was steep around and down the mountain, cut perilously through vicous hail storms and frightening winds, it looked sharp and unforgiving. The prince stood alone at the peak, where next he'd tempt every foot lower, making slow pace down the side of the mountain and the entrance to the dragon's cave. Step by step he held each grip with sword at side and shield on back, our prince was almost there. It was a stomp of the foot. He realised it the moment the walls of the mountain stopped trembling, the dragon had stomped his foot. The prince looked down at the ledge, not the furthest he'd jumped, and so with a breath and his hope in the air, he let go of the mountain wall and fell to reach it. His feet slammed down hard on the edge of the ledge and his arms reached out in desperation of a safe landing. But slipping off he found himself with nothing but the edge to grab and furiously he did. It would be enough to catch himself and climb up onto the ledge where he would stare down the pitch black entrance to a place he really didn't want to go.

The prince had known of dragons, moreso than just the lore. He had even faced a green teenager while travelling west of Cloudland. With a dozen men they threw their spears and did enough to fend it off. But this dragon was black, and as the story always went, black dragons dont leave men alive. So until this fateful day among the dark of caves and monsterous creatures, noone had ever seen one and told of a black dragons lair or the secrets it keeps. He took a step toward the opening in the mountain wall and lit his torch to light his way. Again each step seemed just as important as he crept slowly forth towards dragons and treasures and madness and glory. The torch lit up the broadening cave as if a wide stone hallway was to form and lead him further and further down, making room for the prince to hold out his torch and carefully tread into stories that have seldom fallen to greater tales of thought to be so full of adventure, before or ever since. For this would not be a simple fray among men and beasts, nor a prince or soldier, hero or madman getting what each may deserve, but rather something utterly unexpected in a kingdom known for such.

He heard a sudden shuffle in the distance, with the sound of a dragon dragging gold through the pile as he rolls in his sleep, hoped the prince. The cave opened up to reveal he now had two choices. The path divided and went both ways down, now the prince would decide which way to go. It didn't take long and without a want to know or spend time on proper choices the prince stepped right and away from the sound he had heard, as if trying to delay their inevitable meeting. He quietly ventured further down in the dark and as the minutes past he found himself in a wonderful place. The room lit up from the flame of his torch like the roof of the cave was set on lightning. Blue streaks of neon markings glowed so recklessly across each wall all scrawled out like fire breathing dragons decided throwing flame for practice sake on walls could brighten even the darkest lair. The prince looked on in amazement, such a grand display, the vast room glowing candy blue, yet brightly like the day outside while glistening treasures gold and silver, green and red, a shiny merry display of wealth in beauty, all piled up in enormous amounts, the sight was pure magic in awe that even a prince couldnt take from his eyes. From chalices to coins to jewellery perfect for queens, small statues and bracelets rings and the gold, the shimmer in the prince's eye for a second fell short. For nothing could compare to the sight that lay before him. The magnificence of such treasure in such abundance might make even a priest miss a Sunday, and thats when he heard it. The mightiest roar noone had ever came back from.

It was fast after that. The sound of movement left the prince full of fear at its size, and he did not wait to see the beast before running further down the cave in the only direction he knew to go. Away from the sound of the dragon marching hard and fast towards him and his end to face. He ran as fast as his feet slipped to take him with water streaming trickles down the shaft, descending quicker now. Another room revealed itself and more than gold would fill it as the prince stumbled into the light of the room, torch still in hand. The skeletons of old lay their bones abandoned on the cave tomb floor. The prince rushed past each pile of treasure stepping on bones as he went down further into the depths of the mountain.

His wings crashing into the cave walls, his claws driving and crushing into the rock to devour the path on his way to our prince, the black dragon roared again, this time with genuine claim on the order of things. The prince stopped a moment and held the flame back in the direction he had come. The dragons shoulder slammed the wall around the corner as it pummelled into sight. It was so black it fit more like a shadow, on the other end of a hallway that did not seem long enough. But its eyes were not that of shadow, they glowed piercing blue like the lights in the cave and before he could look away the dragon raised its head up high, eyes fixed like wrath just waiting, and raising its wings up as much as the cave would allow it let out a raging scream with fire attached. It poured out of its mouth towards our prince leaving both his bravery and his torch on the ground beneath him. He ran. As fast as he could, he ran. Down the mountain further and further while the stomping and crushing of rock just got louder. The prince was afraid to look back as the path twisted and turned, and in the pitch black he would slip on the trickle of water and fall, just as the dragon would reach him in turn.

His face in the mud mixing skin with the gravel of the cave he found himself in pitch black. The noise was deafening as he raised his arms up to his head, waiting to feel the hot flames or sharp teeth make the next move, when suddenly the unexpected serendipity of things that just don't happen, happened. He heard a voice, so quaint in a place not so, yet urgent it would whisper 'hey! In here.' The prince would squint his eyes to see a hand reaching out from the cave wall itself. 'Now!' She cried louder, as the black dragon turned the last corner he'd need. The prince grabbed hold of this mysterious arm and was pulled through a crevous not so wide as a horse. The dragon, furious as he reached where he had fallen seemed to notice the prince was no longer in his sights. They both sat perfectly still and silent while a dragon made of pure black stood barely three feet away. The prince gripped his sword waiting for those neon blue eyes to meet his twice, but it only took a few more steps before the dragon stopped again as if confused. Through the crack they watched as the dragon reared his head back and let out his final cry. It could have been frustration, maybe rage, or maybe a warning for the one that got away, but either way that dragon still knew there was only one way out, as it marched heavily back to wherever it chose.

"Who are you?" Whispered the prince, still in disbelief. She was a young girl with ratty wild hair, in the darkness she leaned close to fix her eyes on his in the dark, "She never lets me leave." She replied.

"She? The dragon?" The prince would ask, "Surely it must sleep."

"The first week I wondered." the girl replied quietly.

"How long have you been here?" The prince asked concerned.

"I mark the days further down. She responded. "I'll show you."

"Surely you have tried to make your way out, it's not that far."

"She's not what you think." Said the girl as she gently manoeuvred her way through the crevice and began motioning for the prince to do the same. He obliged hesitantly and followed her as she made her way down further into an archway that opened up to a vast hollowed out section of mountain, with beds of water and sunlight pouring through from the eastbound side of the cave roof, the heart of the mountain eliciting a kind of underground oasis. "Over here." Motioned the girl, "this is the safest place, in here." The two of them quickly made their way through an opening that led to a small room stacked with rich embroided cushions and a granite stone block across the floor against the wall that held this poor girls days in scribbled lines of four, each crossed out with the fifth. 46 days. 'This was going to be a problem.' Thought the prince, placing his shield at his side as he sat down on the granite block. "Tell me about her." He said to the girl. "Everything you know."

"Yes sir." Said the girl, "you can help me escape."

She would tell the prince how the dragon always knew when she would try to leave, she told him that you never see it unless it wants to be seen. But everytime she tries to leave its waiting, sending her back to the heart of the mountain, with her granite block and the marks on the wall. "Why doesn't she kill you?" The prince asked next.

"I'm not sure. I think she likes me. She kills everyone else."

"We have to find a way out." The prince said with urgency.

"Oh I imagine she will kill you too." Said the girl. "It's best to hide. There's three of those crack things. I can show you. You might last a while, if she lets you." 

The prince ignored that thought and rose to his feet. "Nothing has changed. I needed to come here, now I am here. I will help you escape but you must help me first, okay?" "Sure." Said the girl. "What you need?

He secured his sword with his right hand before fixing his shield in position. Looking out the small opening into the oasis there were three tunnels visible heading different ways. 

"Which one do we take to see the dragon?" Asked the prince. 

"I imagine she'll find you no matter which one you take." She pointed to the far right tunnel. "You think those other two rooms were something, take that one, it's where the best stuff is."

"You say she won't hurt you?" Asked the prince.

"She never does, but she's too big, I can't get passed. I go back. She brings me food." The girl shrugged. "It's weird."

"Do you think you could draw her to the opening? There's something I must find." 

"Ah, I can try." She replied, "she's super smart though."

The prince nodded, "distract her as long as you can. If I find it we might still have a chance." He said, the determinism bolder than his measure in the moment. But such things need to be for fate to take its chance or so to have the chance itself to take. So the girl strolled casually back the way they came, and a moment later, the prince took the far right passage.

"Here kitty, kitty." The girl said quietly to herself with a smile just her own. "I wonder what he's looking for?"

She reached the first split of each passage up the left path and looked down the right for a dragon to behold. She looked back forth to the way out. No dragon yet as far as she could see. 

The prince walked slowly and as quietly as he could, up the path just as dark as the place where he fell. Hugging the wall with the palm of his hand, he guided himself through the tunnel to a room much bigger than the rest. There was a feeling in his chest the moment he stepped inside, and as he walked through the dark it would get stronger as he went.

The girl walked cautiously around the first corner and allowed herself to think just once that maybe the dragon liked the prince even more. Maybe she could go back home to see her family and friends. She walked a little faster, the entry not far up ahead. "Please don't be there. Please don't be there." The young girl pleaded blindly, as she turned the final corner on her quest for a black dragons freedom as if it was all she ever wanted.

The prince held sword in hand traversing the dark with only sentiment and strength of heart to guide him where he knew to go. He followed the feeling with each careful step, like a man being guided by purpose itself, with such a strong ache for the lost treasures magic he forgot to tread carefully and stumbled over gold. The sound was the same as he heard at the start, a simple shuffling of treasure between spots all the same. But it was more than enough, as the prince began to hasten. He felt with his hands all around him, while moving twice as fast as he had been before. He hit another pile and went face first into a frenzy of gold bars and gold coins, silver horseshoes and diamond stuttered chests to which his forehead owed its bump. But that's when he felt it, the pure hit of 'It's around here somewhere.' He began to search the pile of treasure in the dark with his hands, as careful as he could be while fast and searching for a red ruby amulet the size of his palm, in a sea of riches piled high, as a dragon held all claim in force likely just around the corner.

The girl stepped around the last corner to see light shining in through the top of the cave. But there the black dragon sat quietly, with eyes pierced and stuck on the girl as if she'd been waiting some time. She looked calm, but also held its frame for not a tempted act by the girl be expected. And as it happens she simply stood in silence, holding her stare and looking through to the light she hadn't seen in 46 days. "I want to go home." Said the girl in distress. "I want to go home!" She screamed again a sudden lust to see the light she left her fear below her words. It echoed through the tunnels until it hit the prince's ears, and in the dark he knew he couldn't count on the temperament of dragons. He grabbed the first thing he felt with his hand, a chalice with his very own crest on its frame in the dark felt only a cup for the wall, he threw it towards where the words floated through. The clang made a sound so much more than a shuffle, but the prince kept on searching for the amulet regardless.

The black scales glistened like the gold its protects, as the sun threw its rays on the blue eyed dragon. Both of the girls would turn their heads when the chalice hit the wall, such an ernest attempt. But the dragon didn't budge, except to step, but a foot in her direction. Kneeling down her head to get close to the girl, the dragon yawned before taking eyes back off her to the tunnel and our prince. Yet only for a moment would she entertain his attention, and the girl decided she would try again. She stepped up towards the majestic monster and this time she did not feel much fear. "I want to go home." Said the girl again, in a softer voice with a genuine tone flowing out into the giant dragons neon blue eyes. It looked at her, but made no attempt to suffice, instead she stepped back again and turned to face the sunlight outside. She stepped outside the entry and rose up wide with wings spread craving the sky, and the loudest of the roars could be heard all the way back into Dreamland. She turned and stood, simply waiting.

"I swear my flint is here somewhere." The prince mouthed quietly, searching his pockets for a chance at light hoping everything with the girl was alright. If he could find the amulet it would give them a way out, and a chance to return to Dreamland. He could feel the amulets power binding deep into his chest but felt seperate, preventing the certainty that would bring him into its power. "The flint!" He exclaimed, wasting no time searching the ground for bones and fabric. It did not take long before the sparks arrived catching air to light up the incredible scenes of riches, far beyond any words yet to describe them. The grandest sight of any room lit up bright blue with dragon flame to burn the walls and roof so beautiful over riches like perfect, a starlight in a dungeon of a wondered fantasy laced with black scales. The prince could see.

He held up the torch and he instantly knew, the diamond stuttered chest right in front of him. He grappled with its handle and the sides of the top, pulling hard raising it up from the gold in the pile. It opened, and like hearts on fire the prince felt a comfort he had not known since the ordeal began. He placed his hand on the amulet and from blue to red to purple the room was instantly filled with color. "I have it!" Yelled the prince to himself, the girl and even the dragon. He rose it to his chest and felt the power, both his and the dragons. This was not over yet, but the prince had grown in confidence. He went to close the chest back up and leave this place for home, with the young girl saved and more than just his life, this amulet would avoid a war. Yet as in all men a piece to claim might be the thought of something gained, as he closed the box a particular ring sat pure white to catch his eye, with a pink so rare his perfect princess he thought deserved to have it. He grabbed it cold to the touch, quickly placing it deep in the breast of his armor. He placed his shield on his back and placed the amulet in his other hand, raising his sword with the torch and running up the tunnel.

He arrived at the entrance where the girls stand off was still taking place. The black dragon stood there wings down arched carefully, he watched as the prince turned the corner to reveal himself, her glowing blue eyes meeting him expectedly. She didn't waste any time and let out a vicious roar in his direction before taking a couple of steps towards him, pacing back and forth eyes fixed on our prince. But there she held position as he walked ever so slowly closer. Sword out, amulet in hand, gradually reaching the girl. He slowly pulled at her sleeve and she took a few steps back, as they both retreated slightly. The prince spoke as if the dragon was giving him a chance, raising his voice up to her. "I only came for one thing!" He said, holding up the amulet. "Let us leave! I came for what was always mine."

The black dragon swayed back and forth then her thick neck swung towards the prince to face him close. Her glowing eyes piercing through the dark and straight at our prince, she slowly moved closer, tilting her head menacingly. It's mouth was closed but its teeth still pertruded out like giant fangs. The creature was as magnificent at it was ravenous. The dark scales still reflecting light from the entrance, she snarled at the prince and looked him up and down. He gripped at the amulet squeezing it tighter. 

"I swear, we will never return!" The prince yelled.

"Yeah never!" The girl added with sass.

The dragon looked at both of them and let out another loud roar, but this one right at our prince. He held the amulet out in front of him and this time came a threat. "This has more power than you think." Said the prince. "Let us go!" He said again. The dragon seemed amused as she examined him closely, moving her head from side to side as if taunting him. She looked him up and down one more time, then stepped back and spun around, taking a few heavy stomps to position itself right in the way of their escape, raising its wings up and letting out a cry to the skies. She began pacing back and forth as if preparing for battle, or maybe just savouring a meal. The prince dropped his sword but kept the torch. He began walking towards the black dragon. In his mind negotiation had failed and he wasn't going to waste his opportunity. He inched closer step by step until he got to the right distance, then he threw the torch at the dragons chest, and swapped the amulet into his right hand. The torch was just to antagonise the dragon, and it worked. The black dragons temperament got angrier and she seethed smoke from her nostrils. As far as warnings go it was the only one he'd get.

"Careful! She always burns them first." The girl cried.

"Come on then!" Screamed the prince and after a moment the dragon obliged. She raised her head, opened her mouth wide and furiously spewed flame at him. He held out his amulet for them to meet, and it would simply do the rest. It absorbed every bit of heat and flame and energy that came its way as the dragon continued with a mighty roar of fire and wrath. After a moment the dragon stopped breathing its fire, as the prince uttered the words, "It has to go somewhere." as a raw beam of crimson and blue light came pressing through the red ruby amulet and shot the energy back through the chest of the beast.

"Run!" Cried the prince and the girl listened. Sprinting fast out of the cave and onto the ledge leading down and off the mountain. The prince did the same, as the dragon stumbled back hitting the side of the cave wall and crashing heavy against it letting out murderous screams. The prince got to the edge and looked back at his sword on the ground in the distance. The dragon lay seething in pain against the wall, there was a chance the prince could kill it. He thought for a moment, then ran out on the ledge. With the amulet in hand and a chance to escape he decided to run while he could.

They made their way off the ledge and down the mountain, step by step, rock by rock, as quickly as they could. There was no sign of the dragon, and once they reached the valley below, they followed the stream towards the path back to Dreamland. Thoughts of coming back for all the treasure flowed through the prince's mind, while the girl seemed to stroll along at peace, a broad smile penetrating the sunny day with a mood they'd both adopt for the next few hours as they walked through the forest on their way back to family and home.

"You know what I want when I get back?" Said the girl to the prince.

"What?" He asked.

"Peaches. I want a whole bowl of them." She said smiling.

"How about I prepare us a feast?" Said the prince. "A feast for the girl who outsmarted a dragon."

She smiled, looking happy with herself.

"As long as there's peaches." She said with a grin.

They continued through the marsh and arrived at a worn down track just wide enough for a horse and cart. "This way." Said the prince. "My horse is waiting at a homestead half a day away, we'll be back in Dreamland in no time."

"Did you get any of her treasure?" Asked the girl.

The prince smiled and looked at her. "I found the most beautiful ring." He replied, pulling it from his breastplate. She admired its stunning beauty. "Wow." Was all she would say, reaching for it with careful hands. "Can I see?" She asked.

The prince handed her the ring.

"Did you take anything?" He asked her.

Our two travellers walked quietly down the forest path, while way above the clouds a menacing black dragon began her descent. She dropped her wings at her side and dove head first through the skies towards them.

"I didn't take anything." Said the girl, "I dont think she would have liked that."

The dragon flew fiercely steadying its drop, gliding fast towards our heroes as they walked along unaware.

The prince looked at the girl, thought a moment and smiled.

"Keep it." He said to her.

"Really!?" Asked the girl.

"I think the princess would want you to have it anyway." He replied.

The girl held the ring with both hands and jumped up and down with excitement.

"Thanks!" She said, reaching her arms around his waist and hugging him.

"Worth more than a feast." He ventured smiling at her as she stopped to admire it closely. The prince continued walking, as the dragon swept through the air towards them with a deadly silence. The girl, still with a glowing smile looked up from the ring and placed her sight back at the mountain, just in time to see the dragon approaching fiercely. She stood and met her steely blue eyes, yet somehow still with the very same smile, the ring in her grasp, and thats all that it took. The dragon widened her jaws and gave one last enormous roar but there was no fire this time, and by the time the prince would turn around the dragon flew right over them and back into the sky once more. They watched her soar through the clouds, away from the prince, the amulet, the girl, and the one piece of treasure it would allow to be taken, as if it was always hers if she wanted, just like all the rest.

The Hidden Knife Part I

An eternity is forever, so among the minds to think of such it came to be discussed that if you're bound by blood, does power always wander to a claim, if standing over it to take? Despite the brightest friendships, family sown, this young prince would be carried far from places known to be such a younger brother, and turn a foot to a younger son amidst a throne he'd rather have, than oversee for Dreamlands sake. He had taken the crown while our prince king held home there, unable to resist the temptation to claim it as his brother kept love in his tower with his princess far to the south. It had been many years, and his time spent sitting on his brothers throne had made him dizzy with ideas to which his army general served to his ears. Now he was a threat to two kingdoms in which a balance held would span much further, both in time and through the lands and so our prince would not oblige, and his return had met with swords. The prince king had requested and recieved an audience with his brother. A brief spat of words later, the sword fight had begun. The younger brother being bested pretty quickly despite his confidence.

"This is my kingdom!" He shouted. "The men will see to it." The men stood firm as the older brother and king of princes' lowered his sword just a touch. 

"Just because I wasn't here. Doesn't mean it isn't mine brother."

Such dramatic angst amidst the moment, the other men again stood waiting. Leaving it to each prince to fight their battle, now two men alone.

"Allow my sword and we will finish this." The younger prince spoke, eyes forward and up to his brother. 

"You had your chance. You wasted it." The true prince spoke in return. 

"Men!" Cried the young prince, "Take his head and I'll grant you a castle." He spoke clear and direct to his general and advisor. The man smiled and looked at the prince king of both kingdoms. "That's all I needed to hear." Said the general. "Do you have a counter offer." He looked at our prince with a glint and a smile giving way to an opportunistic look of potential violence. The prince looked at the man and spoke clearly, "Take my brother to the dungeons. You might want to do it quickly. My sword is feeling reckless." The prince threatened.

The men in the room looked tense as the general winced with a twitch in his eye.

"You say, I find myself wondering all kinds of things in the moment." He remarked, swinging his sword slightly, pointed towards ground. He took a step towards them and around at his men. "What if we kill you both?" He said laughing. "Would then I be king?" Some of the men laughed. His smile wore away from his face to reveal his anger. "You think Dreamland would mind?" He continued, "Do you think your princess would mind?" The man stepped forward once more. "I'm the one who talked your brother into betraying you." He said menacingly, "the truth is I'm not sure I need him. Royal blood can only bleed so far, as is my want for king, and so my blood might be." Said the general.

The prince looked at his younger brother at the end of his sword and thought a moment. He took a step to his side creating space between both men, raising his sword up in line with the general. He knew he was going to have to kill him, while also keeping his brother from his sword, and he'd have to do it quickly or the men might find his side. "I remember when you taught me how to split the wolves in the forest." Said the prince. "My father was a smart man. But he could never see how you enjoyed it." Said our prince. "You can't have this power or this kingdom, and easily I know to kill you." The prince looked at the other men in the room. "It's just us." He spoke. The men listened as the general's smile turned to aggression and he charged in with his sword.

The prince had learnt a lot from the general growing up, but still since, had perfected his skills in places this general had never set foot. The art of fighting was this princes' passion, known to be of the highest importance when defending a crown of such majesty and gold. As the general stepped forward with his sword flying in, the prince pushed off his right foot and danced his head around the strike, before stepping into his own to throw his sword up in the air. The tactic designed to distract him long enough for him to reach his favourite blade. The general stepped back but our prince was already on his way into the pocket. The knife in hand he launched himself past the end of the generals blade and up close, thrusting his knife towards the neck of his enemy.

The general stepped back within a lifetime's blink to avoid for now any contempt for his acts, and now our prince was exposed to the sword sweeping in from his right. He dropped as quickly as he could to avoid it, and hitting the ground he desperately grabbed the general's foot and pulled hard, as he used his other hand on the waist of him, stepping off his back foot and charging heavy into him headfirst. They fell back, the prince now on top of the general. It had only been a moment, but the other prince in this story had taken every chance to step back quickly and recover his sword and there were now three in the fray.

Younger brothers in the stead of all the things they learn while looking up, one thing he'd always thought is how his brother held a blind spot, where his own distrust of virtues strength found his brother weak to cave if faced with virtue and a chance. This would become his weapon in time as he drew his sword behind both men. The general on his back he fought hard as the prince leaned back, hands fighting for the win of grip, he fought for his next shot. The general was strong and landed his right hand on the prince's jaw, our prince taking it with a grim resilience while gripping the general's chest plate to keep his position. He threw his right arm back, knife in hand, and as he fired it at the general's neck he saw a blade much bigger make its way down with force. It cut through his neck and chest. He was dead instantly. 

Our prince jumped backwards to his feet and looked over at his sword before facing his brother. "Your man was out for himself." He said breathing heavily. The young prince nodded raising his sword up again, "he certainly would have killed me." He said, before flipping his hand upside down and dropping his sword. He raised his arms, "brother, have your kingdom. Give me two horses and ill find my way." He said, "I will head to Syriam. You will never see me again."

The prince king looked at his brother.

"If you go to Syriam, you will come back. I know it. Thanuk is your next plan. I will not let you go west. I know you brother, we grew up in the same room with the same voice in our ears. You want to rule." There was a long pause. "I will let you live. But you go east through the graveyard. If you make it, you can find your kingdom in Herak. That is my offer. Or I will kill you here and now brother."

"Deal." He replied. In it, the prince king knew instantly, but an easier thing to let such be in stead of actions to be taken after his next plan if so, and so he was taken to the dungeons to be exiled in a way that he would not have the strength. And in the sleek of night like a tongues promise, the man arrived with a key. Noone knows his name, and noone ever will. But none the less he walked out of his cell, and left out the door now to sinister plans. This time adding survival just a little too much to keep the same, for not this night but soon, the shine off the moon would find an alley where he'd come to know that even knives held rocks to measure. And any rock could take a name, even that of kings or princes.

We wondered ourselves when and how it would go, while the rock just sat there doing nothing at all. Yet in its frame it bore again that deep red stain to dry and fade, then disappear completely. But first it was a voice that changed its flow from moments not requited, and our prince was told that very same night. But by the time they began their search his brother was already outside the city and on his way to Dreamland, where the princess lay dreaming in her tower. His plan was to take his revenge on his brother in a form he wouldn't bare, and then in weakened frame, he'd take him too. Then everything would be his he thought. Rushing deeper into blood than any man in good conscience could afford him anyway, like a chest full of silver.

He would choose to enlist someone lower for the task but in a kingdom of such richness, even scoundrels held their loyalties and betrayed again, he'd soon meet his fate. The pain of such plans to the ear of our prince had him bound to the loss and all hope disappeared. His brother rallying his closest man for a key to a tower to a princess and disaster, he made way to the meeting place. With horse and coin and poisoned blade, he stood face to face with his brother one more time. This time in the cold dark night of an alley in Dreamland. Our prince held a dozen men beside him. An army and enough, in the place his brother would have destroyed. All in stead of a world all his own. And so this time there were no words. Our prince, the king, took little time stepping forward, his brother a step behind from the start.

Now with even slight was plenty, yet still he held enough for a hit of the sword into a grip on our prince and with his eyes closest in told, he said with scared fury, "You are not better!"

"I'm not trying to be." Came back with controlled force, elbowing him in the face and grabbing his head towards the ground as they fell to position. It wasn't even need that made him grab it. Something more like love. And as he cried out heavily with a sound that hit his men back to trysts at the gate, he began smashing the rock into his brothers head. The rock that lay since the night with the girl almost felt it as all the men stood in regret. The prince crying and screaming with each hit of the skull. His brother was dead and there was not a sound in all of Dreamland that night, except for the sound of this man and his screams. The moment did not last as long as the kiss of the tryst, nor did its sentiment. And soon he stood and wiping his face he turned away from his brothers body. He did not even look at his men, just grabbed his horse and returned to the castle. The deed was done and in that our story found its end.

The Hidden Knife Part II

The next day passed as though it never came and went, and before the sun would fall again he would leave Dreamland and his princess for not so short a time, to face a moment such regret he'd only know to lose and such a grasp he held lower down this moment than he'd know of times to come, amidst the rushing flow of a meeting yet to happen on a road not meant for princes. Of stories chosen told we chose to leave out such a sad betroth of words unsaid until we watched it all unfold, there's hope sometimes where all is lost, and in it we must fall to chase the chance to let it speak its same into the heart of each our prince to quell him, know it's told. And so she went at a slender pace down the old road west of Dreamland. Each hoof grinding its shoes on the dirt taking any sweet time like a horse should choose to do. The prince, eyes closed he managed one hand on the reins, the other hung lifelessly as they strolled and stumbled through the field. His head was heavy, but the speed was light, and she reared her head and the prince responded, raising his head up at the view in front of him. A stunning landscape of wildberry fields and strawberry trees. It had been almost a week. He reached his left hand down and grabbed at the bottle. A man and his boy walked the road up ahead. The serenity was lost on the prince, but with his next swig of wine the view suddenly wasn't. He patted his horse and admired it. Without a word his gave a kick and they were off again. He had decided to wander and wander they did. Through fields of strawberries and tall shower palms, and the same of burnt from wildfires past. To that which stories don't get told most hours of the day we can skip to close a page as not to see to let him sit alone, a place to be in such a state, he grieved his brother and the act, the days past slowly. The only worth at all in such a mention of a thing is something facing upwards sticking out of the dirt as it covered the road. It dug deep into her shoe and she reared. He was drunk, and he fell. He hit the ground hard. Way harder than his mind at ready, and now the wine was leading strong as he struggled to his feet. 'No more wine.' He decided, and he took the rein and led his horse on foot across a bridge leading to a small town near the river. It was not nearly sunset and he had time to see to a rivers edge to set up camp and hunt for fish. He wouldn't get that far as more a chance of certain remedies in slight of much a deeper cut, relief in a way was found in a place not so reckless to be sold. "How much?" He demanded. "Let's get through this one quickly." The three men stood around a post and a box with a number on it. "It's not for sale." The man responded. 

"We want them all. Now say a price." The three man started bickering as the prince and his horse watched the ordeal ensue. "Offer a price fair to be, or we'll take it." Said one of the men.

Take it? You'll take nothing." Said the other, mixing hand to fist to wonder. The prince's smile was different such a discourse, and in his observers gaze he held so many drunken thoughts approaching the scene. His beard and dirty clothes now masking any royalty such to find, and the three men never knew, even at the end.

"Come now, where's to fist?" Said the prince. "No quarrel such for wine. What in heavens are you arguing about?" The three men looked at him. "What's it all your worth? Get lost." One man said.

"I am lost." He replied, taking another sip. "It seems to me, that you two gentleman are trying to buy this here man's property, while he seems to be preparing himself for defence of violence. Am I close?" He asked. "Mind your own business." The two men responded in unison. The other nodded. "Well," said the prince, "why don't I buy it?" He patted the man on the shoulder, "I have coin from a purse worth an abundance in gold from the fields near the quarry I will settle this now." He pulled out a satchel and from it more coin than the two men in contest could believe to be seen. The man on his shoulder, widened quickly in the eye, and to the delight of our prince, sent them straight to the men. "I think we have a deal! So no deal. Now you leave!" Yelled the man to the men as they gazed at the gold in his hand. They did not like the taste of it, but knew in turn of eyes beheld and no discourse this day was found. The two to step away and make their way away. The first man still in place, and our prince in a state of a world of his own, a drunken stuper in the whimsy of a man who didn't care. "What is your name?" The prince asked offering out the gold.

"Why did you do that?" The man responded. "I don't want your gold." The man veheremently prevailed. 

"Will they come back you think?" The prince asked curiously, already over the exchange of the gold.

"I don't care if they do." He said, motioning over to his house down the path. "Care for some more wine?"

"Yes!" Said the prince, and they made their way inside to a room, a hot stove and a bench meant just for drinking. The two men talked of many things that a prince may not have ever heard, with each drink taken both men came to find some laughter amidst the flow of wine and easy banter.

"The castle west has a tournament in the morrow's day if you care to join. You say you've travelled far, why not commit one more to a day in the sun?"

By now our prince was tired. "No need of tournaments to mine." He muttered, "Is there a place to rest a while?" The man nodded, and showed him a room with a small bed and a window the same, and soon he was asleep. The next day came. As next days do. And our prince awoke to find his horse and continue down the road, just to find approaching, the man and his wife.

"She wants to see the knights before the horses hit the field." Said the man, a brighter smile than the drink they'd had should show in such early hours. "Changed your mind?" He asked, and the prince replied, "I hadn't really thought about it. I'll ride for a while." As had been his response at every turn since the gates of Dreamland. Not so half a day unfolded and they'd fallen on stages and fields and knights and horses and armor and flags and the crowd. Stitched along the side of a course that would ready the grass for a tournament of skill and courage. By now the prince was interested, and almost sober with a flicker of next drunk, he sat on the grass as any ordinary man. "I wonder what this queen is like?" He thought knowing well from all the tales been told, for a prince king would likely hear of kingdoms west in centuries formed, and she had come to be a lady of such stature to be known beyond her title. He knew her father, yet she was a sight unseen, and it would be much later that these two would be met. In tales of dreams and a ring from a pirate. Today she would reign over battles between men, such sport a welcome rest from both the future and the prince's troubles. 'The first man won easy,' thought the prince with a smile. The hammer of the spear hit strong and his opponent fell from his mount. The crowd cheered. The queen clapped. The prince smiled. The sun was out and the man and his wife sat beside him.

"You know the one in white and blue comes from Eagleton. He's never been beat." his wife explained.

They watched on as each man tried to best their other. Each time the crowd cheered. The queen clapped. The prince smiled, now with wine in hand. The man in white and blue came forward, his horse strong and wildly. He shut his helmet and charged. As they came together he hit straight on the chest and the man went flying. The prince watched, admiring the spectacle. He had won and as such, the traditions were continued and the man held new claim, in amongst the knights of rare and many. The prince clapped. He rose to his feet, leaving the wine for grass or the man. He walked past the flags and the crowd and the stalls and the knights with each crest til' he found white and blue. He decided to tread carefully and choose his words as such. Meeting eyes he offered a greeting and his compliments of skill. "I've never seen a man who rides like you. Is it the horse?" He asked, and the knight smiled at him. "Yes. It's the horse." He said eluding to the fact it felt half true. "But still without a guide how would it ever hit its target?" Said the man like something grand into the frame of hidden talents. The prince wanted to test himself, his horse and the game he'd never seen before, and offered up a trade. "I have an abundance of wealth from the fields near the quarry, I would pay for a contest."

The knight started laughing a second then looked him up and down and asked a serious question. "You ride?" He asked.

The prince took his time. "I can ride. Can you hit anywhere or, what are the rules?"

The knight looked amused, "You don't know the stick?"

"I can ride and I know my spear like my name. I'm not yet drunk enough to see for light of wasted. This bag of gold your interest, show a man your range of measure."

"As you wish," said the knight with a smile and a contest made between prince kings and knights on a day in the west. "Ready your horse. I will take the sun." And the knight rose to mount and began riding to his position. A few minutes later the men stood to face all of one hundred yards apart. The man and his wife watched on, with a handful of people still around for the bout. The knight shut his helmet and raised his stick, and our prince did the same. "Yah!" he yelled and his horse charged fast, determined eyes she faced the large grey. Both men getting closer, each began to ready blows. The prince knew a spear, but played himself into a different game, the stick was clumsy he knew to play it wild and crash it hard as he could, leaving it open if he missed in place or time. But in his white and blue and nine years practice at a sport only newly invented, the knight laughed out loud as he entered the shot, and was only astounded once the stick grazed his shoulder. The prince king flying wildly off the horse and onto the ground. He was fast enough to throw into the hit, but the knight knew he'd lean and was never in threat. The beginners always lean its a passage you cross, and the knight knew it better to always claim to land his first. He turned his horse and arrived at our prince on the ground. "You almost landed." said the knight, "I had easier bouts this morning." He said casually. "It was a worth after all." He exclaimed. And the prince holding chest with his breath in his throat, tried to nod and he steadied his hands to rise. "I like it." He forced out, still on all fours, finally catching his breath. "Wasn't fast enough." He said. 

"Nope." replied the knight. "That wasn't it. You can keep your gold, it was a contest true."

The knight departed and the prince gathered his horse, said goodbye to the man and his wife, and started back the way he came. He followed the road at a steady pace, thinking a great many things. Yet many way too sad to slay the story as we tell it, for when that strike hit chest the prince felt something in the moment, something free and hope in love of all like thunder for your darkest sorrows all found lost yet found to own become and leave behind. The hit in regret taking stock of what he made it mean. Like a payback of sorts, playing fates will to check and take. It quelled his pain for a while, and also made anew his moments on, to be once again a prince and king, with his princess back in Dreamland.

One Night A Dream

They say when you sleep you may sometimes dream of that which can't be claimed while awake. This night there would be a great many things yet to claim if the princess survived. 'I want my ring.' She wasted no time, as her voice spoke out loudly in dark of night. 'Where am I?' Our princess replied in a blur. The scene unexpected she gazed out upon an open field that spanned as far as her eyes could believe, flowers all around in sight of a place she simply could not remember. 'Where am I?' She repeated, fear beginning to take hold. For she knew not of where she was nor saw a soul in sight. While as if out of the sky itself, a voice swept loudly across the field. 'You lay sleeping princess, I have come within a dream. To seek what's rightly mine, I say, you give me back my ring.' The wind picked up quickly and the dark clouds took over, the cracking of thunder making known her anger, nightmares laid out for our princess to bare. She stumbled backwards as the rain fell hard and in the distance running fast she saw it. Coming closer faster than anything she knew to run, it's size, much bigger than a lion or bear. She turned and ran and when she did she stood to face the edge of cliffs so high there was no bottom, just abyss. Gripping tight the sand beneath her feet she turned to see the beast. It's teeth was all she really saw as it reared its jaw and pummelled through the sand towards our princess. Not much left to do but jump, or close her eyes and or face them up to anyone or anything above that may receive her, in a nightmare taking hold.

She jumped and screamed and into the black nightmare abyss, she fell. And as she plummeted through the dark night air, she tossed and turned in the bed next to our prince. He murmured for her to calm down, as he curled up and put his arm around her. In the dream she felt it, but still she fell through the dark black abyss. This would be unlike anything she had experienced before, a nightmare said too much can seep itself a place in worse of man, a venture never sought, to places in the nightmares hold where to say the word again. And as she fell she looked straight up, and above to a sight there simply aren't words for. She turned again into our prince, gripping him and she felt both him and the ring on her little pinky finger. The green gem emerald piece of magic. She landed firm and soft. A beautiful clear sky. It was gorgeous in its frame above, and just as quickly as she saw it, she landed hard and the scene came pummelling towards her, zooming everything down at her as it fell. Again she landed hard as into her eyes the last and first and center star burst furiously into pure light.

"I don't know what's happening." The princess said.

"I guess it's like that." Responded the other princess. "They say it gets what you want. I wanted bliss. Then the pirate took what was mine. People are different. Give it back." She insisted.

Our princess turned in her dream and placed her arms to the ground, pulling herself up. She felt a spark to act and chase this nightmare away.

The landscape wasn't pretty, such a scene not so worthy of a stroll within the city gates. A crossroads in a darkened space four doors in which to go. One was safe, she knew it inherently like dreams were to make such a choice in a rule. They were numbered as such with but and simply not any way to know. She took as her own, and chose number 3, the simplest of choices, oh what could it be? 

A tunnel or a hallway could suffice for such a dream, but in a nightmare if it wants a thing it'll take what it needs to get it. And so it's scary, danger sought to use a word seldom fit for a cause. The source of this girls fear came from something unexpected as such. She stood among a line of four old women, and each one held their mantle. "I'll trade you.", said the fourth. As she stood with bracelet in hand. "for your ring?" She boasted strong as if to turn a tide amongst uncertainties. It was the bracelet she had lost while fighting a monster from the forest. Frightened, she spoke in desperate claim, "I know of no magic ring. I'll gladly give such a thing return, for should I wake, what is your name?"

"I'm the princess of the west. And I will claim what's mine." The sky retorted as it bellowed down in such a form and rain fell as if she saw so close as quickly arrived, yet and but in nightmares form, she would stumble back to reach a blade prepared, but only when it mattered.

"I want my ring back." Said the princess of the west "its mine, so find your own!" She yelled with all the might she could muster.

"Wait!" Replied the princess. The lady with the trade disappeared quickly into mist and gone.

"Now Climb!" The scene changed quickly and the lions moved calm at first. But their eyes were enough to send her on her way, a wandered stare in all content of power stepping into the room. They looked all too unconcerned, with eyes more ravenous than in Dreamland itself. The princess stood stricken as they slowly moved forward. Rock walls formed high on every side as if arriving while the lions held her stare. There was no where to go but up. The first lions jaw drew open fiercely and it raged out its demand. She started climbing fast. Each foot on rock higher she went. The first lion would make attempt but like a nightmare wants to wait she missed by but an inch. She climbed for hours yet the top never came. She would fall from three miles up with a slip as the rock gave way. A fall to face the dirt again. And when she landed she did not wake, nor feel her bones break, she stood again, with all the pain of such.

A cliff to climb on every side again the lions sent her up. Like even nightmares conform in such a way. As fair she chose none bold, and started climbing with her hands again, and hours later grabbing higher to the groove of such a rock it sent her eyes straight up a dizzy spin and fall once gravity lost unto the top as it all turns around and faces cold this moment as our princess hit the dirt to face the lions yet again. The nightmare craving itself into the fray. "How high do I have to go?" 

"I made it so you could climb it" the scene started again. "And pray the layers higher don't forsake their words unknown."</p><p dir="auto">For if a mystery our princess jumped from cliffs again to reach herself, and in a dream there are no rules, she landed hard again with blade in hand to face the lions and in that moment came to steady herself unknown.

They loitered in the moment with almost smiles. Taking it in like theyd soon be fed quite well, even in a nightmare. She held her blade tight and simply waited. The first one came forward bold. He pounced at her but she reacted fast. She stepped to her right and with her same hand dug the blade into its collarbone. Jumping back it retreated with a wild screech only heightened by the dream. It echoed through the canyon that now held its form beyond their scene, such a maze. The first lion was gone but the other two were still in play. Our princess would feel her fear return and looking up would climb again for as many steps as long it took her breath to hold to reach back her bravery.

"I will take it on." She said, eyes black in pure like not many can say with clear eyes. "If I fail they'll catch me." She flew blind through the air, and the mountain lions retreated, so scared for the fall. Her dream in a nightmare held a chance if she survived.

She reached her hand down quick to the ring, the bed, the prince at her side all at once. And ripped from her grasp such a ring in its might. No magic seen is none to know for unicorns don't exist. Not in the world of nightmares, such a place we seek to own, a place rarely found unless place unfolds. And so it goes our princess awoke. The next moment found is to find what she knew. No magic formed upon her finger owned to such the bride of its bliss, and so the princess would head on her way to a war formed asunder, by the many that fray in a kingdom not known by a moment of virtue, or none such as known. All that happened came to be known, the princess could now sleep until morning.

Again she woke. Like a muse in an unexpected happening. Her mind so swimmingly alert, she held a pose so poised upon each breath, a nightmare over she lay lying in her bed. And such what a world to scape, a spectrum we can only ponder, like five cats arguing over their next meal, deserving. And so she told her prince, "I awoke once the ring was off. It was the princess to the west." She said.

The princess turning such to a thought, "do you know her?" She looked down at the ring in the palm of her hand. "She wants it back." She said looking at her prince. "It gives you what you want." She looked puzzled, "it did not claim its purpose on my finger," she spoke.

"Maybe you must wish it."

She thought a moment and decided as she wore the shiny green gem on her finger so long, what would be harmed by a wish from a princess?

"No!" came her words loud above the tower of our lovers bed. "Don't you dare!" Screamed the voice as our princess panicked, turning to the prince, he stare out to see a moment inward, the dust quickly losing its hold as his skin became such and fell away like sand on the bedcovers. The princess screamed and two men burst through the door. They looked every bit a loyal soldier except for their eyes, and so she grabbed the back of the bed and backed up to the wall. "Make a wish." She said to herself and placed the ring back on her finger. "Wake up!" She spoke, and she immediately awoke, again in her room next to her prince, the candle burning light through the room she gazed around it. She looked at the green emerald ring from the pirate and quickly took it off.

She looked down at the prince asleep and gently began waking him up.

He moaned and woke, "Hi."

"Are you awake?" she asked.

The prince smiled.

"We have a problem." Said the princess.

And soon they would ride to the west.

Princess West

War is not of nature or necessity, but as such still so far it happens. In such a time when freedom reigned in places most would know its virtue, a pirate stole a ring in the dark of night while sleeping in the bed of a princess to be queen, and as such, as things go, there was a war about to begin. He had grabbed it quick in the chest by the bed, and he ran like the wind to his ship and away, and when the princess west awoke she woke with a fear of what was to come, the whims of power in a world full of magic made her shake in the night like a nightmare in frame, sending such the sentiment when trying to get it back. And in the emerald green of this story, like a gem on gold mantles with a trick up its sleeve, princess west as strong as she was, it was her weakness that would save them all, and find again some peace amidst the people of a land to know it. 

The east had a new king and he made his throne with the promise of war. A land now thrown to struggle, they had yet many men to wage such in attempt to take Dreamland as their own. While to the west there was a princess on both sides, and lay the quarrel of the ring. The two had yet to meet but our princess in Dreamland had prepared her horse following her nightmare woke, and after many weeks she arrived at the gates to the kingdom of the west. The prince was by her side. The gates pressed open, so large a kingdom spanned behind it.

"Welcome to my land." Said the princess. The other smiled in return. The prince bowed his head with a slight grin. "You have a beautiful kingdom. So green." He said.

"It is a pleasure to meet you." Our princess ventured to the queen of the west as she sat aboard her horse.

"You're not wearing it." Said their host before meeting her eyes with a careful stare.

"I came to give it back." Replied our princess as she palmed a satchel at her side.

"Should we go somewhere and speak." He said.

"To the castle, come." She replied.

They went and soon sat in one of the many rooms in her majesties castle. The satchel holding the green emerald ring went across the table, a gift returned with a proposition to come. The prince would ask for her help with an army such to face the one coming from the east as they marched.

"You know it's power?" She asked as she slipped the ring back on her finger smiling.

"The army?" Asked the prince.

"The ring." Replied the princess, "Once you decide what you want, it gives it to you." She thought a moment. "I know of this king who approaches. My birds tell me he is bold and cunning."

The princess of Dreamland put down her wine and pressed forward.

"We must stop him before the forest or they will march on Dreamland. With your men by our side we could keep such beautiful green across the lands as we have always done, shed blood with us and form a pact to see us through a lifetime of peace."

"You seem kind, I'm aware he will come here if he takes there. I am in no mood for a war at my gates. I will give you what you need, in three days time my men will march on your order."

And so it was agreed, the trio would travel to Dreamland, army at hand. They spent the next three days preparing as the east marched foot by foot through the vast forests and mountains between kingdoms on its way to reap war upon their throne and tower. But the distance to travel for our majestic heroes was less than the journey for the east, and so they drew quarters into Dreamland with but a day to spare. "More wine?" Asked the princess to the other. The three sat in their war room, maps drawn out with a blue tenement representing the army approaching. "Have more." She continued as she began to pour into her glass.

"Tell me more about the ring. Where did you get it?" She asked.

The princess of the west giggled.

"There was a boy on the road when I was a girl. We contested knives as a contest. I won and got the ring to match the silver bracelet he intended to take. I found out it was magic much later."

"Well I hope Dreamland finds your bliss. Yet tomorrow first, we must kill this king and send them away. Can your ring help?"

"I made wish to bliss." She looked at them and smiled widely. "Bliss." She repeated. "We will kill this king. He's in my way." She said with certainty.

Both the prince and princess nodded.

"Tomorrow we fight. They'll be over the last ridge by morning. The fight will lead into night. We will meet them clear of the forest." Said the prince.

The princess of the west ruffled her dark hair and looked at the map in front of them. "I have an idea." She said with a grin, taking her hand and touching the tenement. "He can't lose if we are bound us three, right here, on the battlefield. No surrender." She said with coy. As fate would have it such a thing so rare and magnificent would not be found to know as caused, but in the background it was thought to be a perfect place of wonder. And the following morning they marched. The green emerald ring on the finger of a princess, and a ruby red amulet in the palm of a prince's hand. With only one wish left to come that no amulet could ever force. Yet still forces fate would save a kingdom tremendously outnumbered at great cost, the magic sown would be enough and not this day unfolding in the heart of dreamlands east to keep such sorrow from the scene about to stain the grass of Dreamlands east.

If they come forward, mark him king." The princess held his stare. Horses held each man, vast across the battlefield. The army from the east held strong, with many more men, just across the way. "Tell them. And when they don't listen, if you can, kill him there." She spoke direct.

He nodded and kicked his horse. It was her fifth battle, and she had never felt a scratch. They moved forward at a steady pace as they watched the east do the same. Three men on horses moved towards them from the thousands of men on foot, stood ready to fight behind them. The sheer number of soldiers rising up from the valley was tremendous. The prince would realise soon his men held no hope of victory, and many were to die in vain of this king to the east, such a name not found on the battlefield this day.

"They call you by your name where you come from. But here you are my enemy." The prince spoke boldly.

"I am no king." Came the reply. "I simply come to pass our message to the prince king of Dreamland himself."

"A million men on a battlefield, your message comes with no ears to hear it."

"You cannot win. There is no need to fight. Our king lays sleeping, our men not a care, to fight will lay us weep, for any man in both our kingdoms, let us one more time send your prayers to the fates within our grasp."

"You speak in riddles and have no voice. You came to mock, to fight? We lay ready. Let us fight."

For a moment they lay silent on the battlefield. Then the man nodded quickly and turned his horse. Yelling back came the words, "Tomorrow you will see." And he rode back towards his men.

The other two with him seemed inoqueous, one a useless general with masses to use in strategy. The other some kind of sidekick, there to fight and nothing more. The prince took his opportunity. He gestured for a spear and recieved it from his right hand. He arched back proper and said the words to his horse as he threw it at the man. "Always." It glided through the air with purpose and he was lucky enough to hit just below the heart, leaving him screaming in agony as he reached his men. The sight enough to kill at least the first few rows. The prince raised his arm and kicked his horse in that order. And they all charged on every side.

In Dreamland it had come to be almost every man had a horse. A fact in which the numbers made a tenth of the force seem possible. But as they fought and the first few fell, the east had plenty more. And as the afternoon unfolded bright and sunny would turn to cloud and dark and blood and fates unknown on a battlefield littered with the fallen and the gone. The prince fought on. The princess fought on. And with the ring on her finger, even the princess of the west would take her moments through the way. She killed more than anyone, protected but with purpose just the same. In bliss it seems can only hold in hope sometimes when never lost. In such a battle the amulet graced perfect in the prince's hand. He held it up as he rode, sword in his right. His sword claimed more, but its a fact not known and with each strike the men would fall to better death. The amulet lay protection but with force its same to its presence in the prince, and took its energy in all directions less than any man would think. Bleeding to his sword. Blood across his face he faced the field oncoming with a smile for a moment.

The man was large and weilded both blade and axe. He rushed forward like a man who'd planned it 30 yards away. The prince no longer held his horse, he stood on foot, his friend now marched back home. It was fast and the prince didn't see it coming. His axe would form a parry to design for such a shot. His blade came forward fast again to rip the flesh across his arm throwing the amulet from his hand into the dirt. It was not much more than a scratch but he fell back, with no protection from the axe heading his way fast. His sword lost, the strike would come from a blissful princess through the moment and the prince would survive the fatal shot. Her hand reached down and he grasped it, pulling himself up. He looked for the amulet but deep in the mud, there was no time and he would fight the rest without it. The two stood back to back as each soldier came in. Her with a sword and a knife in her left. The prince with a sword from the dead with no crest. It didn't matter as he felt the strike deep into the first. He looked to his left for the second, her blade meeting his eyesight as it flew into its victim. "We are losing." She said in distress.

The prince stepped back and grabbed her shoulder. "Where's my princess?" He urged.

She pointed in the distance. "Give her your ring."

The princess thought a moment and took in the scene. Men were dying everywhere on both sides. The battle had been going for hours. And there were still three ogres alive. They were running out of men and there was enough magic throwing purple fire and men switching sides from black magic, it was not guaranteed that they'd win all the same. Regardless of amulets or bliss in a ring, or any of such there is always more. "Where are your eyes king!?" The man stood strong approaching. A careful side to his step, sword pointed. "I have fought men everywhere. For Dreamland, this is by far the most."

The prince stood in front of him, now both princesses held his back. He stepped forward. "I dare you to drop your amulet." The man spoke with a smile. "I think I could take you king."

The prince stood there sword in hand. "If you can't see it it doesn't work." Said the prince as he stepped towards him keeping his pace.

"I'll take your word for it." Said the man as he struck. The prince glanced the blow and the fight began. In what had become mud, the rain started falling harder as the two men chose their way through the battle. The prince fought bold as the other man kept range and defied each blow, each time giving thought to his next exchange, then the prince pushed just too hard. His sword missed as the man leant back and it left him open to a shot only makable by less than a dozen in anywhere we know. It hit our prince straight across his chest and this time it was deep. He bled out hard and for the first time screamed in agony. This was not a cut like cuts to gain the skills he had to meet this battle and he lay deeply hurt before the flesh would heal, right after the next exchange. The man boasted forward with a step to his blade, coming in from the right. The prince ducked his head and by a blade in his hair he escaped its wrath. Lunging forward hoping he would go to his left with the obvious shot, he timed his left hand into the blow with the very same blade that killed their last king. He struck it well enough and in the glance he found his shot. Digging the sword through the jaw of the man not slow enough for a final exchange. The man fell as the pain hit. His chest would slow him and the princess knew it. She took off her ring and gave it back to our princess. "It will slow him." She said. 

"I know," returned the princess.

He held his wounds as she placed it on her finger. "May every one of them here die." 

And with that the war was ended. Such a harsh plain to see with any eye all the dead and our princess regretted it instantly. Nothing would ever be the same again. A heavy heart left to watch the magic work. The thing about the magic of a moment when you see it. It isn't always something you choose to make to be believed. Each man faced the next, and each man just happened to fall. So the burden eased among those left to live it out. For they never really knew. But our princess did, and she kept it to herself. A burden she would not have to keep for very long, another century at best.

And so the battle was won, an easy half million left to fall without a blow. Once she realised they would simply keep coming, she took a horse and rode back to Dreamland alone. The prince and princess would join her in the hours later, the battle won. And each the three alone in royalty would never speak of the wish for the death of men, and at the end of it as the banquet flowed with wine and food and glorious stories revelling the victory, they sat both somber and quiet, and before long retreated to their tower all three. There they slept, without the knowledge there was still one more day of war to come. The king of the east with seperate plans from the battle itself, lay positioned for one more strike. He'd wait until the prince would seek his home in place of a princess lost. The wish for a soldiers death had avoided him, laying in wait for the destruction of Dreamland still to come. A wish not granted, still in tone we watched it all unfold, and in his might so cunning he had spent the last full moon with a chest on a mountain, reaching up to those that thought they'd choose a king unworthy, as if there was nothing ever higher left to seek out all his bold.

A Kingdom Lost

On a dark night it's fair to say how dark the black might seem, and on this night such dark to pitch its fairer yet to say it true and dark. He'd later find worth in a different set of words, made steady the day like the above words could never, a night just the same, and a tryst to its ever. The prince made his ear to the king as he slept and he listened to something he never thought known to be heard. Knowing his eyes he sped down the road with such haste. He'd come to reach the cities edge on the dawn of not so many days. He didn't have much time and spent it wisely giving chase. But such in our days we recieve be to take, he found even beauty must hold to the ways. A moment scared and scarce his horse would try and take some load, yet all in vain as men were born to face much more than simply being fed to see our day in places harmed or many found. He'd have his place, his moment, bliss forevers like her hand again. But yet today, in a kingdom full of stories, those who knew could never tell and those who told could never know, and so it goes we chose to write it down for the sake of our own.

"I do not have time to waste!" Stressed the prince at the door of a tavern in Magic Cities far west. "I must see the healer. It is royal business." 

The man tending bar gave a shout and a man appeared carrying a talisman from a cave to the east. He had in hand an elixir and held it up to the prince.

"You know the cost." He said with firm intentions.

The prince nodded and pierced his eyes. "I know the cost." He replied, with blessings lost he took the vile, made his horse and sped back on to the road south to Cloudland. It would take him a week less than most of his life, as he sped through the deserts and forests and mountains, before reaching his borders and riding right through towards Dreamland.

The princess sat in her bathtub in the room of her tower, warm water and salts making easy days seem easier, her cousin pouring the warm water down her back. The days of young bliss and wonder had brought times of balance to the kingdom, they found it willingly, both peace and prosperity lush and abundant. "Your highness. May I?" Her cousin asked.

She lifted her hair up above her head as her cousin lathered the sponge over her shoulders and neck.

"Days like today would be made better only by a handsome prince and wine." She sighed, and closed her eyes.

"Where's your boy?" She asked her cousin.

"He's mending the fence. There are too many goats. I do not like this emissary. His eyes glare as if a careful lie." She said, speaking of the man arrived two days prior with word from the south of pacts and friendship, marred with boasts of armies and power absent our prince in Cloudland tending to his father's kingdom. A known arrival in such absence arranged.

In stories mostly told throughout the ages coming forth it isn't all that widely spread the part the east did play in the fall of balanced color lush these kingdoms soon to slowly age and change like all times do, a prince and princess would soon part ways for time spent aching waiting. But by any gods or fate it was a sight to witness such a man in bold of determined sight, to save the most precious of his soul down the road into Dreamland. No horse could travel farther, faster, clinging to the dirt to stretch his run out full to get her prince to the princess' castle. Through the streets as fast as the wind, he was only seconds late.

Your emissary." Greeted the princess, "Did you sleep well?" She proceeded to ask.

Very well." Was the man's reply, with the same likened grin to her mention before, "I wish to offer you a gift." He said, as he reached out his hands to reveal a golden talisman. "This is but a trinket, yet so much worth above, our friendship." Said the man. 

The prince ran up the stairs as fast as he could. Each step another shot of cold into his veins. It had been seen, and so he'd hoped to slight it, denial in the best of forms, it simply was not enough. He reached the door as her hand reached the talisman. Bursting through he screamed out "No!" but to no avail. Time itself could not stop fast enough, and when their eyes met there lay a love so true, yet fated gone this moment deep in tradegy they looked on hopeless. A moment such to curse all fates design could not quell anything and crying he bled out the words, "It's cursed!" He screamed as the princess met his eyes to scream and drop it cold as the chill hit the room. The dread now turned to fury, the prince approached the emissary. His eyes led to a plan but the prince didn't care. He grabbed his shoulder, blade up to his throat but the man seemed unconcerned. "Do not fear your own loss." He said staring deep into the prince's eyes. "For your kingdom, may you save her." He spoke carefully. "I can tell you how."

"Speak!" Said the prince. "Tell me what I need to know!" 

The emissary looked at him firm. "To lift the curse you must offer up your place to ours. In every way that matters." He proclaimed boldly. "Our shaman can lift her curse, for in exchange of yours to ours, my king will spare you both to exile."

To think as though a fool the prince felt nothing shown to ponder. "Where is he?" He asked.

"I will take you now." Said the man, still holding a calm felt strange to the prince. They would travel fast with fifty men and a great many more to follow in stead. The princess felt no curse yet to take but the certainty of kings to prince's left her riding close by his side. The brightest jewel in a kingdom of wonder with beauty so common and vast felt to face such dark as to come when the next full moon appeared. The prince kept this to himself as they rode, such a worry not worth for the thought of such beauty in a moment short of hope, as they rode towards castles and traps by design. Neither naive they followed the emissary deep into forests to the east of Dreamland. The castle appeared as they reached the forest peak, and rode down through the ridge into the valley below. Fifty horses marching strong towards the gate of the castle lying below, would mark the sound of the horns from its walls. They would soon face an audience with the king of the east, who had come to choose this place for their meeting.

"Where is your shaman!?" Cried the prince as he jumped from his horse.

"Is that how you greet a king?" Replied the king of the east, sipping brandy from a glass. His smile brought a fury through the prince.

"Where is the shaman that placed the curse!? Tell me! Now!" Yelled the prince. "Unless you have an army the size of Dreamland hidden somewhere behind these thin castle walls, I tempt you, tell me now."

"I don't need an army." Replied the king. "I have what you need in this box."

He revealed a black wooden box, with careful markings in the side. He held it up to the prince and princess. "The shaman is dead." He stated determined, before forming a smile both devious and fiercely grim. He looked at the princess deep in her eyes and held up the box swaying it back and forth. "Only this can save you now, my dear."

The princess looked at him with anger and fear, for black wooden boxes could hold anything, and curses laid would all be placed among those dared to make them, and with the shaman dead she felt doomed. In the moment she knew not what to say and so the prince would speak in her place with such anger. "How does it work!?" He spoke to the king.

"I heard about you." The king replied, "as I grew they would talk how you killed our king. In the taverns, the street, even when I got to the castle. I've looked forward to this moment for a very long time."

"Why do you wage war? He was not your kin." Spoke the prince.

"You know, I overheard a maid in the castle one time. She was talking of our last king how he always took too much, and all how generous of Dreamlands king, with lands so green, to let us keep ours. To let us keep ours she said," looking around at his men behind him. "This isn't personal you see great prince of kings. You see it's just I have this." He said smiling and again he raised the box.

"How does it work and what does it do?" Uttered the princess.

The king began to tap the box as his face turned serious. "You simply do as I say, and the box will make it certain." He said, "now princess is it you who owns these beautiful lands known to all as Dreamland? Or does love bequeath itself a marry for your lover here to take? For each of you a kingdom held, so great a chance for me to have all three. Wouldn't you agree?" He asked with another smile, and a look towards the princess. "In exchange for your land you might just yet live." He exclaimed.

"What does any of this mean, no bind can make you all these lands an army forced a king to kill our love could never rule either nor avoid our men beyond our lives, taken or not. How can it be bound. What is in your box?" Asked the prince.

"Nothing but your hand." He replied, "For each a pledge to mine to hold, in exchange for the curse to be lifted. For such a binding needs such weight. Wouldn't you agree? A curse to save worth kingdoms. It's beautiful if you think about it, isn't it?" Asked the king.

"You cannot bind that. It cannot hold." The princess spoke, "you've lost your mind."

You let me worry about that." Said the king, opening the wooden box. "Who's first?"

They looked at eachother, and after a moment the prince gave her a warm smile, then turned to the king of the east. "I pledge my right to my kingdom of Cloudland for any love worth the thought of my sight in her eyes. If you think you can bind it, I'll pledge it aligned. But know this." He took a few steps towards the king and in response he rose to his feet where they stood opposite. "Any man who thinks to see his place on a throne in Cloudland knows the king in the sky on the cove still owns it. We just keep his place." Said the prince. "My hand is yours, in fruitless wonder how a king expects its people to find you, and all peace in such wonder, you may try."

"Oh such joy." The king said smugly, "and so may you see for agreement's into stone will find its way, like roots to giant trees."

He raised up the box to the prince's chest and opened it, revealing nothing. The grooves in the center would fit his hand and reluctantly the prince brought it forward.

"Place it in and do as I say."

The prince held a moment, and then he obliged. Such dread he would feel as the box closed around his hand. It felt cold inside and he suddenly realised it held tremendous power. He stare at it a moment then raised his eyes up at the king. "You don't know what you do." Said the prince deep in concern.

Shut up!" He cried back. "Tell me it's mine in exchange for the curse!"

The prince looked back at the princess with a look she'd never seen before and instantly she knew.

She jumped from her horse as quickly as she could and grabbed from her hair the last blade she'd ever need. She threw it faster than the prince could stop and as he cried out in anguish, it began its way towards the king, who's smile faded in the brief blink of his last moment, and like a man surprised he didn't even move as it pierced his skull before the prince uttered a single word. He fell back, and the black wooden box fell with him, hitting the dirt without even a twitch. The prince cried out in despair. "What have you done!?" He said in disbelief. "My love what have you done!?"

The princess looked at him, then down at the king, then slowly up at the sky.

"He was about to destroy it all, wasn't he?" She said softly to her prince.

He simply looked at her, unable to speak. For he knew now there was no hope of saving her.

The fight broke as soon as the king hit the ground, but this was not one either lover would take part in. As each man fought with sword and shield, the two simply stood in the dirt facing each their eyes. The prince falling hopeless to his knees, she couldn't help but cry. She stepped to him and took his hand as each man from the east faced a sword to end the fray, and soon the moment fell to silence. All fifty men still stood, so calm a frenzy, rage as purpose still to end it quick, no man of Dreamland died this day and each of them would notice. "I had to my love." She said to her prince, "you know I had to. Such dark, we'd bring to find it. Our people do not owe your love."

"Our people would have understood." He cried back. "We could have fixed it. My amulet," he began. "Stop!" Said the princess clasping his hand and leaning in. "Tell me you didn't see it. Our kingdoms crushed in small time by agreements that cannot be bound, willingly given by their king and their queen. Just stop." She spoke softly to the prince, still on his knees in despair. "I will not send my kingdom into darkness lost to power ripped from fates to magic crushed to bleed our land and people. It would have bound such dark the attempt to follow, lost of any sense. Tell me you didnt see it." He held her hand with the dread of what was to come. 

"We don't know my love, there still might be time." She spoke forcing a smile.

The prince' eyes dropped, and with a heavy heart he looked up at the sky as a thunderstorm began to form above. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the exilir he had gotten from magic city. It lay bare in the palm of his hand as he pulled her down to him. "We need to find a shaman. We only have two days." He spoke as calm and determined as he could. The princess smiled as the rain began to pour down fast. "Of course my love." She said as each drop hit her face carrying tears down her cheek. The words came out hopeful, but the princess could see in the eyes of her prince, that he already knew it was their end without hope, she just didn't yet know he planned on taking her place.

I Did It All For Love

"No way. There's no way." She veremently denied, "you can't let it go that way."

"I promise, if it does, I'll make sure to say my words unchecked with eyes down, and I'll pray it is enough." Said the prince, "I'd gladly give it up."

And so they walked again hand in hand, this time to a shaman on the bridge of a hill. And what happened next I couldn't tell you, or wouldn't if I knew and probably couldn't if you wanted. But they sat and they listened and pretended all the same, and while noone knew as much as them, he seemed to know a lot.

Once the shaman had finished, with a grin and smile framed, the prince king whispered a message to his princess queen, and they both went right back to the tower they met like a jelly on the cusp of a tongue sugar sweet.

"I did it all for love." He said, as her tears ran flowing, and the night finally hit without a shaman in sight.

What happened next I couldn't tell you, or wouldn't if I knew, and probably couldn't if you wanted. This would be the last time they would sit together, hand in hand, for at least as long as stories take when you've already seen how it ends. And so they sat and talked and laughed and cried like a whisper, inside a rose full of life.

And when the time came that there was nothing more to say, they said some more regardless, and all the night with every star that came and went and fell and stood, in sight of all the world asleep, our princess closed her eyes. And in his arms the princess slept no nightmare nor a sound unrest. The prince in hold to look above, and when the dawn came, he was alone.

"You told me I could take her place!" The man demanded answers. Left to face the hill alone, no shaman stood to dare speak back, and so he looked up high to see above the morning sun. The thought was there to cry aloud, to rage or scream, but all was lost. So there he sat by his princess' side the next day full, and in the night he walked.

What happened next I couldn't tell you, or wouldn't if I could, or probably couldn't if you wanted. And deep in stories later told, once he knew to let it go, so soon he'd end up finding it. And off he went like a man to water raging down the mountain, a waterfalls edge for one more story, like a much needed rest, before he'd find his princess again.

A story left for another time, as his journey would not be a short one, and much a waterfall just like any other, it held water pure in mountains high, a place only she had known. This would be the place he'd come to be as though to take him on his way, to see him come right back, then leave again to find her still.

And he did it all for love.

All Things Must Come To An End

He eventually rose off the rock and took his eyes from sights beyond his place in meaning under beauty, vast and wonderous in cloudful view, he began to walk off the grandest raging ledge of the fall, and around the rocks guarding him from a waterfalls descent. The jungle was dense with wild trees of every kind, the birds were louder than his mind had imagined, crowing sweet lines as if all dark was a lie itself, it's pretty nightingale call among the swallows chants. Grabbing the branches and manouvering down further he kept his eyes somewhat up. He could see some of them, chirping and chirping, this or that and all things to sing. One sat above in black, her song held his gaze as he slowly began his way through the rocks and trees, eyes still spending time on the black tailed speckled rake. It's wasn't it's pitch, but more the way it's song hit the air, it's movements lessened for the sake of its beak up to preach it. This was the moment he knew his pilgrimage was over. The sound was wrong, yet just the same. Not so gone from the doves or the nightingales cries, but more a pride in simple word of sound, the beauty and meaning was disappearing, with the prince unnerved at how quickly it had faded.

He took his attention beyond the rake, focusing on a white pink and grey sparkled hummingbird. He much preferred the sound and remembered it well when he spent the time to go back to himself as a boy. His age, now a part of the story, he took a moment to rest his feet, and drank from the water trickling down the rocks from a bounce off the neck of the waterfall. He suddenly felt his thirst stronger again, and gulped it down fast like a man in a desert, his oasis in the jungle. He hadn't felt much like drinking before, like bread and wine and apples and water were such behind his need he'd spent not a day in their demands, until now. 'It makes sense,' he thought, starting again the descent. He would make his way once down, to the place he had come to know a bed before entering the jungle. From there he did not know himself or what or unto where to know, he'd find himself, yet soon to be and found in full, of purpose one more time, without any need to decide for himself. Just like it had always been.

The hours and days passed slowly with a quiet calm of a travellers wander, fixed from the peak of his adventure unfolded, he now had no needed place to grip the earth in his stead, arrive or remain or to achieve in purpose, and as such he felt free to calm in rest. He could go back to Dreamland. He could go home. But neither one was necessary. And in the thick of the far away land on a mountain in the jungle next to waterfalls and centipedes, the man again took rest. This time sitting leaned against the widest trunk he could find. He reached in his pocket, pulling out bread and a fruit from the forest. It was almost blue but held a green shine like beautiful. He'd found them and somehow knew they were almost definitely okay to eat. He gripped it with his fingers and it tore apart in two. He squeezed it hard and the juice poured down onto the bread. It was sweet enough to make it sweet. And the man ate it slowly for the same reasons he drank the water fast, extravagance to a hungry man.

After that he made it up to the start of town by dusk. There were some people about. But for the most part it was quiet. He didn't have to knock the door was open so he walked right through. The man behind the counter smiled genuine to see him again. "You make it up?" He asked the man. A smile in return. "Yes. I saw it, beautiful. The climb might stop you though."

"How long you staying this time?"

"Not sure but I'll take a night." He said.

The man behind the counter gave a nod and soon he'd sleep. Tired from his journey the man retreated to his room.

And dream he did while sleep he did. And in his mind so vivid and colourful many stories played out as he swept through the sky. And when he woke, he came up with his plan pretty quickly. The hay littered the floor and the stable was old, just like his horse. But soon he was aboard and the two made way at a good speed down the road south. A full day later he would have his next encounter. The rock was just a little too big for the wheel and the wagon just stopped. The man with his wife standing over him, watching as he crouched trying to fix it. The horse slowed as he strolled through the scene. He could see it was repairable and they exchanged a look that would say as much, his wife with a wide grin and dazzle in her eyes looked at him. "Your highness." She said.

"So many stars out last night." he returned, and greeted her eyes the same. Looking up at the sun, then back at the wagon.

"Nothing like a good adventure." The man smiled warmly to the two of them. He kept on riding and further and further he went down the winding road. And only a week more in distance than most of his life the man came to find his way back into Magic City.

What happened next is not something you plan to make certain, see in advance, and we doubt even fates design knew enough to have taken the money off the counter. Yet with such immaculate by chance I swear, this man didnt know and it was purely an accident. I could talk about the butterfly, tiara, even lightning. But in truth they didn't matter when examining the fluke. And a common trait that these two held had him not even mention all of one yet the three, such amazement. And so it was kept for the always higher. A trust in hindsights making would be enough to wonder pretty, and just like the three men in the house debacle, neither man knew, even in the end. As if knowing might ruin such the slay of fractures coming perfect, with men like all men coming to his end. It all came about with a serendipity of fortune that when lost all three in sentiment, in stories never told, the man was thrown through the front door of the tavern as our man grabbed the reins of his horse in the street. Dusting the dirt off his knees and kicking his boots he stumbled slightly and looked up. "They didn't understand why I didn't have to pay." Said the man.

His right foot kicked lightly into the side of his horse and she raised her head up as he smiled down at the man, acknowledging the worth of such amusement in line. Recognition hit the man still brushing his shoulders down the dust and quickly with some wit and excitement he ventured forth both in jest and hidden virtue. "I'm good with a sword," came to hit the air, and with genuine amusement and wonder he asked, "Where you headed?"

He considered asking for the story in the tavern, but instead had grabbed enough to know he meant it and thought it would be funnier to ignore it. With a smile to equal he responded. "There's this tavern on a hill at the edge of Dreamland. Best place for a drink, and I have some friends there. Want to come?" Said our man.

"Yes. Yes I do." Said the other, before laughing loudly skipping through the liquor bliss of the moment. "Ill ride with you."

A little shocked he waited as the man got his horse. The two started trotting down the street and off they went.

For a moment there was silence.

Then there was some more.

But eventually one spoke. "You've got to tell me." He would say. The men laughed, and he considered for a moment, "The short version is, "We had a deal." Said the man. "Tell me about the dragon."

Both men smiled.

"Dragons aren't what you think they are." Our man responded. "They are really smart." 

He looked at the man beside him and weighed his measure pretty quickly. "Can you keep a secret?" He asked him.

I wonder a lot whether she ever went back?"

"Who?" Asked the man.

"The girl."

"Why would she do that?" He asked utterly intrigued.

"I don't know yet." Said our man, as he kicked his horse and sped up a bit.

If he'd looked back in the moment he would have seen the smile and shake of the head from the man behind him, but he didn't, and they both kept on riding. 

A little while passed again where there was silence. And in it there was nothing other than the sound of the birds and the hooves of the horses marching down the road. Then the man from the tavern ventured a carefully posed question. "Do you think the black ones are different?" He asked.

"I wouldn't know." He replied straight forward. "I haven't seen a dragon since. But she could have taken me out in a blink, yet here I stand today. With my kingdom in tact and my life as it stands."

They looked at eachother and in a moment prior never coming found, our man posed himself a question.

"What is your name?" 

The man looked at him, "My name is Tasek, from the islands out by the Green Belts west of here. Nice to meet you your majesty." They exchanged a warm smile and the conversation began. "What is it you do?" He asked him.

"I liked to fight as a boy." He smiled, "but everything's pretty quiet where I'm from. I've spent some time around. I know horses too," he said patting his. The two men exchanged another smile.

"Good man to have around." He responded grinning.

"Well," he paused. "I've never fought a dragon."

The two would share a look that neither man would ever really understand, and then his reply found resolve.

"I wouldn't do that again. Trust me." He said, as they continued on down the path. Before again it fell to silence. This time for much longer.

The story it goes that the two parted ways near a stream at the foot of the mountains north of Cloudland. A great many weeks spent discussing the road and the prince found himself telling stories of old, from monsters in the forest to chests of silver and beyond. The young man listened, good with a sword, and made up some plans of his own on the way. And while they left each a horse on the road, it wasn't six months later the man would arrive at the tavern. Our prince in his chair looking out as he arode.

"Who's that?" Asked the girl standing next to him with a drink. 

"I think it's him." The prince replied, "if it is make him tell you his story about the dove."

She smiled, "Yeah okay." She would say as she walked back inside. The man got off his horse and reached up to the entrance while they looked at eachother before the man raised a smile. "Did you go back?"

The prince smiled back, "I was never going back." And he motioned his arm for the man to go inside, rising to his feet. "Come, meet the girl who outsmarted a dragon." He would say, his red ruby amulet still firmly in pocket. "And wait till you see her ring." He said with a charm and a smile of pride that leapt off his face like a father to a dragon himself.

The two would meet and fall in love, while the prince spent his days with the view and the horses. Often a drink, just to glory his fate all the good and the bad, as he smiled a third. Amazing to a moment if he looked at it just right. And there he left it, no bear to fight, no love unlost, no swear to claim, not even a kingdom to rule over. Among his final conversations was with the other prince,

A handing of a moment where amazing suits the room, the three drank quietly while turning cards, and a poker game ensued. Three kings too easy, both would hold to a straight, and as she threw her coin all in on the table, the two men would survey the eyes of the other. "What you got?" Said the prince. The other man quiet but with enough of a grin not to give away that needed, as he usually lost. 

"Cards or coins?" Asked the man back.

The prince raised an apathetic brow, "Cards, I guess." He replied. 

"Okay." He replied and proceeded to call, "I'm all in." Said the man.

He threw in all his coin, and it was more than the prince and the girl combined. The prince looked at his cards, and not to waste a perfectly good story but there wasn't much subtlety in what happened next. But conversations later between the girl and her lover would confirm that they both thought the same. "I'll raise you my amulet for your pendant." Said the prince, and the man laughed and looked down at the bronze adornment on his chest. "It actually means a lot to me."

"And this to me." Came the prince kings reply.

"I imagine you're not serious. Or your hand just cannot lose, either way you have my coin so what you say old man, you in?"

Our prince placed the amulet down on the table, "I ride tomorrow, if you win it it's yours."

The two men stared at eachother as the girl looked at the prince king. After a moment she would throw in her worth. "No wars to stop?" She asked him.

"I don't think so," he responded.

And the man across the table nodded, "if you say so," he said uncertain.

"Let's see." Said the prince, and the man revealed his straight. The prince sat there the same in hand, and shook his head. Tapping the cards down into his hand, he considered as much as he could in the moment. "How about I take the coin and you take the amulet, but I want that pendant too." He said.

The man again looked down, this time removing the pendant. He placed it on the table and the prince king spoke again. "It's there anytime. Just keep it with you, or know it's place." he said. And the exchange was made. A red ruby amulet doesn't always get to choose, and it's a random shame to think it could have happened any other way, but it had a new owner and the prince knew it instantly, much did the boy, even the girl could feel as much. The next day the prince left the tavern, and not many people will ever know, where our prince king went next.

All I can say is in mentioning worth, wherever he is it's the same place as her. 

There's a prince and a princess in there somewhere.

For Love And Life And A World Full Of Treasure

To say such things, oh found to take, for another word past the end of the things that all must come, as stated before. So when and how do we leave it if we leave it? By choice, by fury or protection, or fate, or the castles of all in the new or a sign on a post past all the others, advising no return. Do we venture out and forth or do we join together post and trek above to mountain peaks with treasures bound to take in eyes of dragons or more. I'm not sure what each thing might mean, as stories told get told. But one thing came in reigning true the girl wasn't even scared a bit. The man though, not so sure he'd never see a dragon twice, was wary held in trust. And so they went, off together, the prince still making slow his venture, carefully riding down the road to his reunion. And these two love birds started their way up the mountain to kings and queens.

How does a dragon and a girl make a queen. Well this man had a secret he had kept to himself. Only the prince king himself, a mile back, smiled at thoughts of this young mans future. That's if dragons black would see past greed of a different form. The pair climbed up stone and each rock in their way, yet to come to a place the girl knew like a dream. It's just up ahead, now be silent she warned, taking his hand as they walked. They reached the cave and the entrance bold, the girl full of bravery, the man full of fear. But held and masked they stood. And as if it was time a black dragon appeared. "Careful." Said the girl, but the boy had no intention of doing anything. He stare at the dragon in as much awe as fear. "You are beautiful." He said as if to himself. The creature so majestic blue eyes gazed like perfect force of wonderous strength, and the dragon did not ignore it. Seeing the girl, she held her stare, a moment neither knew a thing.

"I'm baaack." Said the girl to make a joke in such a moment, but dragons rarely joked, and she whipped and whispered her tail with a deliberate stare. The girl raised up the white pink ring and displayed it up for her to see with as innocent a look as possible. A scene so absurd it's like blue lightning in a cave. The dragon arched back and so did the man. She let out a roar and stepped back. Her gaze now on him. He could not escape her stare and she seemed angry. "I only came because she wanted me to come." He said arms up as if trying to calm a beast. The dragon puffed and came in quick, eyes up, always. The man gave her back the look he'd hope might stop her if so inclined to be offended or let her know, one and the same. The girl did notice something, in the hold a fraction long, his fear subsided and it seemed as if something unspoken spoke, but quickly both went back to fray. The black dragon now onto other things, a known arrival minutes past she knew much more of want than greed, and had decided just to watch and see, disappearing back into the dark. The two stepped forward and followed. 

Into the dragons lair they went and soon they would arrive at such gold and treasure as to wonder again how the fire on the walls worked, as blushing blue lit up the room like magic. It was unspoken how the dragon felt, but the two themselves had already agreed that they wouldn't take a thing unless it came to be known. And so they slowly strolled through the first room of treasure abundant. Jewellery, and challis', a helmet full of rubies. Chests of riches taken from castles and men that surely missed them. Silver just as prominent bouncing blue light higher still to match the gold. It was a sight to see and this was only room one. Room two came and went like the blue sunshine rising and falling through the room with torch in hand, and down the next tunnel. They came to the oasis and she checked her room for the markings on the wall. They were still there, inked into each day. She sat a moment and so did he, and not a word was spoken. She looked around and to the ring on her finger. Making amends with anything and everything everywhere always. As she took in the moment and the memory.

"You wait." She said to the boy. "It's beyond your wildest dreams."

And the man listened. Standing and looking up at the tunnel third.

"Is it weird that it's quiet?" He asked.

"She barely makes a sound." She replied. "But if she wants.." The girl continued.

"It's unbelievable." He said, walking to the pools of the mountain oasis.

"Come on." She said, "I'll show it to you." She took his hand and began to the next tunnel. The torch lit their path, and soon they entered the room. Lightning strikes of blue shine lit it up to see for the second time since the dragon earned her scar, and it was a sight to behold. Gold, silver, red and green, with blue lighting above the entire ordeal. Everywhere shone from the flame in her hand, a marvel as they stared.

"It was over here somewhere." She said with a look of determination.

In the 46 days the girl spent in the cave there was only a few moments of light in this room. One of what she thought was night, she sat in the corner and took on the heat of a dragon blowing flames on the walls. That night she found the most unusual of riches, with a shine blue itself, and when the dragon light hit, it lit up bold beyond pure shine, blue as perfect sky.

"Here!" She said. "It pierces the light." As she rushed like a child on her birthday to this special blue archway pendant, sat quietly on the edge of a pile of gold. "I dont know what it does, but it does something." She said with a glint in her eye.

She picked it up, and admired it. Then looked at our prince and handed it to him. "Look." She said quietly, yet none with suspicion thought the dragon keeping watch.

The man gazed upon it as the torch lit blue and the pendant responded. Not quite the same as the prince in Magic City, yet a similar result to find, this man was not too far away from seizing something much above any normal thing to find and keep, the worth of a dragons lair. A sudden growl befell them and he let it go, but the pendant did not stop glowing its blue. It spread out vast in the direction of the man and when it did, he saw both the clouds and the sky. He understood how it worked straight away, and just as well, as the dragon realised too. They looked at eachother as her eyes appeared slowly at the entrance to the way out. Looking him through with piercing blue eyes. He held it a moment but when she growled it was enough to panic, and the boy looked at the girl and then uttered the words, "Take my hand," with the slightest of whimsy you wouldn't expect from the moment. She did as he asked, as she looked at the eyes of her friend the black dragon. And quickly he grabbed for the pendant on the gold as the dragon leapt forward just because he'd decided. But lucky for him he was quick to the draw, and he reached it a shine oh such blue they would see. And green, like magic the scene came so bright and the two ended up somewhere near a river and his home. The prince smiled.

"What the hell happened?" Said the girl, "You didn't have to do that."

"I panicked." Said the man, "the only way I knew we'd make it." He explained as they both looked around.

"Where are we? She asked.

"The first place I thought of." He replied.

"Where's that?" She asked further.

"Here," he said taking her hand, "I'll show you my home." He pointed to the horizon, "its that way. Half a day." He said, and the two started walking.

"I hope she lets us keep it," said the girl to the boy as they walked down the road.

The black dragons wings started to flap in the air, the claws of her feet digging into the rock for flight. Letting a brave roar out into the air she pushed off hard and departed her home. It was headed their way.

"How far are we from there?" She asked.

"She'd have to go all through the mountains west of Dreamland, then almost to Cloudland itself, just to go east from there more than most would assume just to get to the land next to mine," he replied.

"Okay." Said the girl, still unsure.

"Trust me." Said the prince, "if she comes we will explain."

And that black dragon would fly and knew exactly where to go.

In times of wonder magic castles treasure horses gold and shine, with all the dark and some between with blood and ruin death and fire, many things all came and went, the noble efforts of a man not such as such a man to try, our prince and princess took to their castle and it rose almost to sky. Until the day all across the lands, where many men would cry out, "Dragon!" She made her way to the girl and boy, the king and queen, of a place noone knew the name of. A beautiful line just the same if heard, one mixed with such colours of love into frame, life and all, among the stars, it really wasn't even worth mentioning. He got to keep his amulet, his pendant and his life that day. While the dragon brought another gift for the girl, like she'd hoped there was one she forgot. Did you know a black dragon breathes it's fire each for three of them. Greed, light, and sometimes for no other reason than to see it reach skies just to rage through the air, not always rage such as purpose of meaning. One of the more beautiful sights you'll ever see.

And now the girl has her very own dragon.

